Holy molly, I can't believe I wasn't using it before! It is such a steal for the price and the functionality it brings.I use it with my Samsung UN60H6350 60-Inch TV, to cast from my Acer C720 Chromebook, but it can work with any other computer that has Google Chrome web browser installed and the Wi-Fi in the house.I use it primarily in these modes:1. For YouTube, to cast right from the video itself. In that case the laptop can be closed and the video will play by itself. And the quality you'll get is awesome. (Well, provided your WiFi and the Internet connection speed doesn't suck :) and, well, if the video was recorded with a high enough resolution.)2. I also cast the whole Chrome browser window. This way you can cast any web site, or an online app/game. For instance, my favorite is to cast soundcloud site, and play it via the stereo system attached to my TV. The quality is awesome!3. You can cast the whole computer screen. I don't use it much, but it's available.4. Oh yeah, if you have a smartphone or a tablet, you can also cast from those as well. I use these less often because I have a laptop handy, which is way more easy to operate. But if you're a smartphone or a table buff, you can use them as well. Apple or Android or whatever else you may have there.So the bottom line, this little device totally annihilated the dinosaurish and clunky Comcast DVR that looks and acts like it was made circa 1995. And best of all, it doesn't come with a $100+ monthly charge!!! In other words, this little device made me a "cord cutter." So good buy Comcast... Good riddance too!!!
One of the cheaper and nicer forms of Streaming Devices. You can almost never go wrong with anything Google gets into! Plenty of reviews have gone into the specifics of this device so I'm going to focus on my personal experience with it.This device works just fine 95% of the time. It often will disconnect from my Moto X and other phones at random seemingly while watching Netflix or Hulu causing me to have to re-sync (not too big of a deal as it takes a second to re-sync). I think the more annoying problem is when switching streaming services on the 'Cast. A lot of times when I say want to switch it from casting Hulu to Netflix, it will refuse to sync and timeout. I'll have Hulu playing, then on my phone I will open up the Netflix app and attempt to sync it on the app to have it kick over on the T.V. However most of the time it won't kick over unless I stop Hulu completely and return the Chromecast to the home screen. This will do the same thing sometimes if I try to switch from Netflix to YouTube, YouTube to Hulu, etc. I'm sure more time will allow the developers to fix such glitches, but that's the one thing that bothers me about it right now. I just want it more seamless.Also when casting certain websites or videos from Google Chrome to the 'Cast it causes a slight video lag which can be a little irking. It's not quite as smooth as AirPlay or some of the other mirroring software.Other than those problems, I like this Streamer a lot better than Roku and the like. I got mine for free when I bought my Moto X, but 30$ is a very fair price considering older versions of Roku still run you up to 70$, the new Roku Stick is 50$, Amazon Fire TV is 80$, and Apple TV is 100$+.
I've owned this little 'cast for over a year now (and my girlfriend just bought one - gives you two sides of the coin, tech and non-tech). Here's what you need to know:Pros:- If you live off a phone or tablet, this $30 dongle can do more than most multi-hundred-dollar receivers- Gives you absolutely zero excuse to not cut your cable TV subscription (and save at least $30 A MONTH)- It's the future!- Setup is easy. Like, my non-tech girlfriend had it fully set up in less than 5 minutes after glancing at the instructions easy.Cons:- If you have more than just a TV, things become complicated. Because the Chromecast only outputs HDMI, you'll either need your TV to have a separate audio output - or get one of these HDMI -> HDMI + audio splitters for $30: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00KBHX072/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp;=1789&creative;=390957&creativeASIN;=B00KBHX072&linkCode;=as2&tag;=todmedblo-20&linkId;=7Y2RH6K5VOCXMV52- It's only worked about 90% of the time (though, that's really more a qualm with technology in general)- You're limited to the apps that support this. I used to use XBMC media center but was forced to switch to Plex because Plex added Chromecast support first. In the end, I'm actually happier with Plex....but know that if you have a special media setup going on, you'll need to do some research to see if it'll work.Conclusion:- If you just have a TV (or a TV that outputs audio to speakers), and you just watch TV...this is the device for you. Buy it, stop paying for cable, and save $30+/month for the rest of your life.- If you have a more complicated setup (ie projector, media center, receiver) the choice isn't so cut and dry. Because each situation is different, do some research on if your setup is supported. If you have a media center PC, it's also worth asking if you even /need/ a Chromecast, since some setups (like Plex) already have Android + iOS remote control capabilities.I hope you found this helpful! Feel free to ask any questions you have in the comments :)
The Chromecast is an amazing little device. It comes in an easy to open box, and itself is easy to set up. It comes with the Chromecast, a USB wall charger, and an HDMI extender. The HDMI extender is for when your HDMI port is downfiring or flush against the wall. Its' flexible and thus allows you to move it around and is about 4 inches long. The USB wall charger is about 3 feet long. The chromecast itself is about 2 1/2 inches long and an inch wide. It comes with an LED indicator and a reset button.To setup, you simply plug the chromecast into an HDMI port, and then the micro USB into the end of the Chromecast. It will turn itself on when you plug in the micro USB. You will be greeted with a screen that asks you to use your pc, tablet, or smartphone to set up the chromecast. You use your device to set up wifi access to the Chromecast. Generally it will connect, and then update itself. If you're having a hard time connecting it to wifi for the first time, you can try hard resetting it. Hold down the reset button for 15 seconds and the screen will go black and it will reset itself. It will then have a new code and you can retry.The features of the Chromecast have come a long way since it was first introduced. You use your device to throw content from your device to the chromecast, which then accesses what you want it to do so your phone isn't constantly streaming it. So, say, when you watch YouTube, you tell it to play a video and then it will access YouTube and play that video, leaving you to do whatever you want with your device, since it doesn't have to constantly stream from your device to the Chromecast.One of my absolute favorite features is the ability to screen mirror. This means you can duplicate the screen from your phone or pc to your tv through the chromecast. Its very fast and fluid, and there is little degredation of quality or lag when using it. I have found it faster and more fluid than using the built in screen mirror on my LG 42LB6300. Screen mirroring allows you to be able to do just about anything you do on your phone or pc on your tv. This feature is not to be overlooked.Overall I would recommend this device to friends and family. It is extremely affordable and lets you easily access anything on your smartphone or pc.
Before purchasing this item, it is very important to understand the difference between a mirroring device and a streaming device.  This is a mirroring device, and although I don't care for it, it does exactly what it's supposed to do and does it well.  Since we've gotten into the world of streaming earlier this year, I've since learned that I simply prefer streaming devices over mirroring devices.We bought this mainly for the kids to use, and in order to do so they need an iPad, iPhone, etc.  It cannot work as a stand alone device.  It's become an issue because inevitably they want to watch something using the Chromecast when we're trying to charge our phones or iPads.  I also don't like that I have to load all the apps that I wish to watch on the Chromecast on every single device that I wish to use with the Chromecast.  So every iPhone and iPad in our house has to have Netflix, showtime, ESPN, etc. because they all have been used to operate the Chromecast at one time or another.Another issue with the Chromecast is that you cannot use it to watch Amazon Prime.  There used to be a way to disable silverlight and mirror Google chrome to the device to watch Amazon prime content, but that loophole doesn't seem to work anymore as Amazon is now requiring silverlight to play any of their content in a browser window.I can't give the Chromecast a bad rating because it does exactly what it's supposed to.  It would be unfair to judge it poorly because I prefer streaming over mirroring.  However, I strongly urge you to understand the difference between the two before making a choice between Chromecast, Fire TV, Roku, etc.  If I had possessed a better understanding of the difference between the streaming vs. mirroring, I don't believe I would have purchased the Chromecast.
My review won't cover too much over what has already been reviewed.  That said, I will give you my experiences for what they are worth.First, this device is a not Miracast compliant.  It's connectivity is proprietary.Second, the device does far more than most think it does.  Often we hear that it doesn't support Amazon Instant Video, but it does!  It can do so in two ways.  First, there is an application in Google Play for Amazon Instant Video.  It works great.  I can run my Prime account on it and cast my Amazon library all day long!  Also, you can use the Chrome browser on your PC to cast Amazon Instant Video.  This works fine as well.Any video that you can run on your Android and that you can run within your Chrome browser (that supports casting) will work just fine.There are applications that support Chromecast natively (like NetFlix and YouTube) and applications that don't.  It doesn't mean you can use the non-native applications.  They cast just fine.Regarding surround sound.  You must plug the Chromecast into a surround sound HDMI port, otherwise it will only produce Stereo.  Now, I first tried using the Chromecast on my Panasonic HDTV and plugged in into the HDMI port routing the sound to my Pioneer receiver.  I use a digital fiber cable to pass the sound from the TV to the Receiver.  It only passed stereo.  I still don't fully understand why, but I plugged the Chromecast into the receiver instead and got perfect 5.1 surround sound.  I think it only passes surround sound through HDMI audio.  Anyway, my solution worked just fine.One issue is that you cannot go too far from the Chromecast with your casting device.  It will lose the signal.  Remember that if you are casting video from your phone and walk to the frig to get something to eat.The Chromecast is kind of fat so you need to use the extension dongle if you are plugging into a tight spot with other HDMI cables plugged in.  I needed it for the Pioneer Receiver.It uses USB to charge it.  Either plug the device into a wall outlet using USB or you can plug the USB charging cord into a USB device like your TV.Quality if the picture is first rate.  No issues.  Same with the sound.I have had very few issues.  I use a Nexus 5 phone.  I had NO issues with Kit Kat OS but when I upgraded to Lollipop 5.0, it occasionally lost it's connection.  Not often but sometimes. Lollipop 5.01 is coming out soon and I hope that stabilized the phone.  This is probably not the Chromecast's fault but my OS on the Nexus 5.  WiFi issues on Lollipop 5.0 are a known bug.I cast Pandora and other music from my music file collection to Chromecast.  Sound is fantastic.  No issues.So, hope this was not too long or too short but that's the gist of my experience.Thank you.
Pros:- Small, lightweight Wireless b/g/n Streaming Media Player- Very good Video HD 1080P quality on my TV- Very good Audio quality including surround sound on my Home Theater- Easy to setup on Home network- Works well with apps (Netflix, YouTube, Localcast, etc.) on Android phones & tablets, & Windows with the Google Cast extension for Chrome browser (I haven't tested it with iPhone IOS or Mac OS X).- Can turn any basic HDTV into a Smart TV by streaming A/V from apps on your device.Cons:If your home network is not configured properly then your Device apps might keep losing connection to the Chromecast every 10 min. or so. See the resolution to this that should work for most home networks in the comments below.Comments:There seems to be a lot of misinformation out there on sites & reviews about this device. Some say it is a DLNA Certified device, while others say it does not use DLNA at all. I posted this question to Chromecast Support Forum and the only answer I got was "Chromecast is not a DLNA Renderer", but they were not a Google employee. They also included a blog link (http://blog.squeed.com/tag/chromecast) that had a lot of good information from a 3rd party app developer about how they implemented casting from Local media, SMB network shares, & UPnP. I'm an IT guy and it is important that my reviews be as accurate as possible based on the best available information. If I find more detailed information from the Chromecast development team then I'll be happy to correct any information in my review.This was easy to setup with the Chromecast app installed on my Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro. However, like many other users I experienced the problem where the apps on my phone and tablet would lose the connection to the Chromecast after about 10 min. It would continue to play the video on my TV, but I could no longer control it from the app. On your Internet provider's Wireless router (and any other wireless router you may have), login in to the Router Configuration IP in your browser (mine is http://192.168.1.1 but could be different depending on brand. Verify this by opening a Command Prompt and entering ipconfig. Look for the Default Gateway IP. Make sure you know the Password for the Admin account.) and do the following:1. Verify the AP Isolation mode is Disabled. This can be found under the Wireless Advanced or Professional settings (the location depends on the make & model of your router/s). Normally this is Disabled by default on home routers, but you should check this setting. If Enabled it prevents Wireless clients from talking to each other on the same network.2. Verify the IGMP Proxy is Disabled. Some Chromecast apps use UPnP and this uses Multicast packets to communicate on the network. IGMP Proxy is supposed to filter out Multicast packets from going to every client on the network except for the clients that specifically requested them. My Verizon FIOS Actiontec MI424WR (Rev. I) Wireless-N router has this Enabled by default. There is a bug in their IGMP Proxy and it filters all Multicast packets even for clients that requested them. On the FIOS router this option used to be in Router Config Advanced options, but Verizon pushed a firmware update that hid the IGMP Proxy and UPNP settings because they don't want customers changing them. IMHO - IGMP Proxy is not that important on a small home network. This can be accessed after logging into the Router Config with the Admin account and changing the active_page parameter in the URL to 6059 (e.g. http://192.168.1.1/index.cgi?active_page=6059).3. Now you are ready to follow the instructions for setting up Chromecast. Initially the Chromecast setup app wants the device (phone, tablet, or PC) its on to be on the same 2.4Ghz Wireless network as the Chromecast device. Follow the setup instructions on your TV and it may ask you to update the firmware.  Follow all setup steps carefully.After the setup completed and I verified it was working from my Galaxy Tab Pro, then I was able to change my tablet to use my faster 5Ghz Wireless-AC network and it was still able to connect to the Chromecast on my 2.4Ghz Wireless-N network. This works for me because my Asus RT-AC68U Dual Band AC router is setup in Access Point Mode. All DHCP & NAT is being done on my FIOS router and all Wired/Wireless clients are on the same Subnet 192.168.1.1. You probably won't be able to do this if you have multiple routers with different Subnets (eg. Main router 192.168.1.1, 2nd router 192.168.2.1, etc.) and DHCP enabled on each. If you are not sure, then its just best to leave your Device and Chromecast on the same Wireless network.Overall I am very happy with this device and would definitely recommend it to others looking for a cheaper alternative (under $40) to Apple TV, Roku, Amazon Fire TV, Google Nexus TV, or any other Internet streaming media player. This does everything I want with my Phone & Tablet. Hopefully you find the information above helpful if you ran into the same problem where your device keeps losing its connection to Chromecast.
I'm a complete idiot for not buying this sooner. Over the last couple years, I have shifted my viewing from cable, on demand, downloads, to streaming anything I can get my hands on. Finding a way to get it onto my tv has been a challenge. I don't own a Smart Tv, so I was relying on using my very loud/slow Xbox 360. That ended up not working because the fan on the console had become so loud that I could hardly hear what I was watching. I was also limited to Video Apps.  Next came streaming from my computer. My computer is an older model and didn't have an HDMI port, so I was relying on a VGA and Audio cord. The result was a sub par picture, inconsistent sound, and having to set up my computer right next to the tv. I knew HDMI was the answer and was about to purchase adapters that might have solved the answer until I started looking for other answers.  Then came ChromeCast  which beat all the other streaming devices in almost everything.Pros:-The new Beta ability to cast Google Chrome tabs was the ultimate selling point. With all the other streaming devices, you rely on video apps like Netflix, Hulu etc... Chrome uses those too, but it also allows you to cast any video in a Google Chrome web browser tab. You do need to use a fast enough computer though because unlike it's other features which bypass your other devices and streams directly to the ChromeCast, this feature streams from your computer first. This feature is equivalent to connecting your computer directly with an HDMI cord, so if your computer is not up for the job, this feature might not be usable for you.-The video and sound coming off the device is fantastic and casts up to 1080p.- The price: I got lucky and purchased it on Cyber Monday for $23, but $35 is still more than reasonable and much cheaper than the competitors.- Setup is very easy. Plug it in, connect to your wifi, name your Chromecast and then just connect your devices to the new Chromecast network. (You will need to download the Chromecast app from the app store for your smartphone/tablet and download the Chromecast extension for Google chrome on your computer to make them compatible. After the initial setup, all you need to do is change the input to the appropriate HDMI source on your tv, choose one of your devices to cast from and hit the "Cast" button and you're good to go.- Like other streaming devices, ChromeCast is also dependent on Application compatibility. So you get your Netflix, Hulu, Youtube, but some apps don't support it, including Amazon Instant video. This was originally a set back until I discovered "TV Cast" available on the iOS App Store. This application allows you to surf the web in a browser and cast nearly any video on the page to your tv, the same way you would in the Netflix or other Apps. This app alone makes ChromeCast the perfect option, especially if you don't want to pay for services like Netflix or Hulu. The app also means I can run the App solely from my phone and never have to rely on the ChromeCast Beta feature which is unfortunately not up to par.
Chromecast... that's like seeing everything that's on your laptop right on your big TV minus the HDMI cable, right? WRONG! This thing is seriously limited in its capacity to cast, it's ridiculous. I am very disappointed with Google and with what this device can do. It is hyped up so much to make you think it can cast your computer and your smart phone.What can it do?- It can cast one tab on google chrome at a time. Wanna switch tabs? Then you gotta click on the icon on the top right corner and a few more buttons until you can cast from that screen. Wanna switch back to the first tab? Waste another 30 seconds.- It can cast from your smart phone, well at least form your android phone? iPhone? I'm not so sure. The process seems a lot more complicated on an iPhone. But I am thoroughly satisfied with casting from my android phone. It will cast images, but no sound. So if you wanna cast a video, you're out of luck on sound.- It can cast from youtube. It does youtube really well.What can't it do?- Everything else!- Have a presentation on powerpoint, excel, etc? You're out of luck because 9/10 times it cannot cast that even with a decent internet. I have a 125/15 mb internet and anything that is on my computer and not on a chromecast tab, will be extremely choppy when cast from desktop. Yes, there is an option to cast your entire computer screen onto your TV but google warns that this is "experimental" and "beta". AKA worthless. The experience is choppy and definitely not pleasant.- Wanna show those photos you have on your computer to everyone watching your tv? You have three options, all of which are equally bad. You can try your luck by casting your entire screen. We already said this was supper choppy and laggy. You can drag your photos one by one on your chromecast tab which you are casting. So friggin tedious and pointless. You can upload to plex or something and then stream that on your chrome tab. Yeah...no. And forget about videos. It's tripple the wasted time.You know, google chrome sounds like a really cool idea. Put up what you got on your laptop on your screen! Awesome! But in practice, you can't do much with it, unless you just want it to watch youtube videos, netflix, or cast visuals from your phone. For me this capability is not worth the $35 price tag. I'm returning mine. I think I'll just stick to the HDMI cable for now, until google fixes their user experience and makes it as smooth as it seems on the commercials. And don't be greedy, google. Create an addon so we can cast from firefox too!
I was really excited when Chromecast was announced, I thought it was an awesome idea and would make it way easier to stream things to my TV. When my Chromecast works correctly, it's mostly what I expected, but there are some major drawbacks:1) Mine doesn't work correctly for long. It seems like every time I'm ready to play another episode (through netflix or hulu, using my iPhone or iPad Mini as a remote) I have to reboot my Chromecast by unplugging the power because the Chromecast thinks it's still connected, but the remote thinks Chromecast dropped off the network. No app-side changes resolve the issue -- I always have to restart Chromecast.2) If you want to play video from your computer, good luck. The video quality is terrible when streaming from a computer. You HAVE to use a smartphone or tablet to connect to Chromecast directly through an app to get a framerate that won't look choppy.3) The device gets really HOT, enough that I'm not comfortable leaving it plugged in all the time, so you have a cord to manage, when it's not plugged in.4) The shape of the dongle means that you'd better plug it in last, or you'll have trouble plugging other things in. (I know, this one is nitpicky. It's a very minor issue.)5) If you have Amazon Prime, you can't access your prime content from Chromecast without streaming from a computer.For under $10 more you can get the Amazon Fire TV stick, which comes with its own remote, doesn't freeze up on you, doesn't run hot, and lets you access all your Amazon content. The only thing about Chromecast that's really better than the Amazon Fire TV stick is the location of the power jack. It's on the back of the dongle, where it's out of the way, while the one on the Amazon Fire TV stick is on the side, leading to wire clutter.
When I first saw the Chromecast I thought, WOW, Google has done it again! A tiny portable wireless interface between devices and TVs, amazing! Then I read that it needs its own power source, so it's really not as portable as they make it look. Then I read that it only supports a small number of services and apps. So it's just a really small Roku with fewer options. I thought, I'll just stick with my PS3 for Netflix and my HDMI cable and laptop for everything else. Then I forgot about Chromecast.Then one day, I got frustrated trying to put on cartoons for my kid through my PC. With the way all these companies now are trying to funnel everything through their apps instead of their websites, sometimes it easier to get content on a tablet or phone. That's when I sucked it up and got the Chromecast. It actually really impressed me. It interfaces really well with my android devices (not so much with PC) and it generates a great picture. I started to fall in love with the Chromecast in spite of it's limitations, but then I realized the extent of those limitations.This could easily be a 5 star product and really change the way our devices interact. But it isn't and it doesn't. It only supports a very limited amount of services and apps. When it is supported it works really well. But at this point all you get is Netflix, HBO, and ESPN, assuming you have subscriptions to all of those. It is great for Netflix actually, okay for ESPN (but you get all kinds of weird device restrictions). Luckily for me all I really watch is Netflix, HBO and ESPN so I'm in good shape. You can kind of get it to work with the Chrome browser, but its still not a very satisfying experience.Also, my last phone was an obscure model and was never updated by the manufacturer so as often happens with Android it didn't get along well with a lot of apps, including the chromecast app. Keep this in mind if you want to try it.It will make a good Christmas gift because it's a cool toy that doesn't cost too much, but if you're buying for yourself check your expectations. It still can't do very much.An interesting note, this device is actually a small android computer. I thought my phone was streaming content to the device, as if it were like a wireless router for video, but that isn't the case. In fact, once you have video streaming on it you can turn off your phone and it will keep going. Once it was streaming ESPN all night and I didn't even realize it. I had to turn my phone on, connect, and tell it to stop streaming. Kind of weird and not good as it was wasting a chunk of bandwidth, beware of that.
SUMMARY:Pros1. Easy to install.2. Streaming performs well.Cons1. Uses a inexcusable amount of data 24x7 even when not in use!!!Explanation of 1-star rating. This product would rate four or five stars EXCEPT for a major defect, which Google knows about but fails to disclose and continues to ignore. That kind of attitude merits a 1-star rating from my viewpoint.Others have discussed most of the pros of this product. So I will address only a con, which for me is a deal-breaker. The product has a bug related to the backdrop feature. . This, to me, is a major defect since it USES ALMOST 10 GB per month EVEN BEFORE ANY STREAMING BY THE USER.If you have an unlimited data this may not be of concern but for those of us who have a data cap, the device is not worth it. All the pretty pictures that are displayed from Google in the background consume an inexcusable amount of data even when the TV is turned off unless you pull the power cord on the Chromecast AND THERE IS NO WAY TO DISABLE IT. I tried a factory reset and did not install the backdrop option but it REAPPEARS ON ITS OWN. This problem has been reported to Google many times by others and Google appears to be ignoring this (Just like they have ignored a bug in their calendar function for the last five years). It is sad to see Google ignoring bugs in its software and products.Another consideration: HDMI connectors are relatively frail. Google has at least supplied an extender dongle. I suggest using it instead of disconnecting the device from you HDMI connection.I bought two of these, and they are going back to Amazon. I'll stick with Rokus from here on out.BTW, if you are returning one of these, be sure to reset it to the factory default so your personal Wi-Fi connection is not on it.1. Works well for streaming3. Sucks data data 24/7Installation went fine but there is a major reported bug that Google does not acknowledge or deign to fix – it continuously streams back drop images even if you don't login. Even a factory reset still ends up with Google Hi-res images being streamed down 24/7.
I am using Google Chromecast with 2009 Sony LCD flatscreen TV, and using a Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 to cast.  Primary purpose is to cast Netflix content from the Galaxy Tab 4 to the Sony TV.First of all, everyone should be aware that this device requires external power, namely from a USB port.  Since my older Sony TV did not have a USB port, this meant I either had to use the Google provided wall/plug USB converter - or in my case, I found a USB port on my cable providers set-top box, and plugged the USB cable from the Chromecast dongle to that port.Fortunately, the HDMI plugs on the Sony TV were accessible.  The Chromecast dongle is pretty large and it would definitely interfere with the TV case on certain TVs.  Mine sticks off the side on my TV like a big black stub; but maybe that is good for reception.  It is rather ugly.Biggest problem during setup was the now all too familiar "16003 error" when trying to cast Netflix from my Tab 4.  This would occur within a minute or so after choosing the Chromecast icon on the Galaxy Tab 4 Netflix interface.The fix for now (I am waiting to see whether the error recurs) was to "synchronize" the time setting between my Tab 4 and the Internet/Wireless.  Unfortunately on the Galaxy Tab 4 there is no "automatic" time detection, you have to manually adjust the time.  But when I got the time (hours and minutes) sufficiently close enough between the Tab 4 and the Internet/wireless, the Netflix Chromecast finally worked.  I did this by watching the minute rollover on my PC, then at that instant changed the minute setting on the Tab 4 to match.  Apparently, that was close enough to get the clunky Netflix/Tab4/Chromecast connection to work.What really astounds me is that it took the user community to identify the root cause of this problem.  Google and Netflix apparently have no clue, and don't seem to care. Once they have sold the hardware, their job is done.  Thank goodness we have Amazon reviews and other online forums to share information like this.  (Hint to Amazon: Don't toy around with removing or de-featuring the user reviews here, in case that ever crosses the mind of one of your product planners).
Ordinarily I'd buy something like this from Amazon but as soon as I read the review by Shauna Morgan that confirmed local files could be streamed I sped over to my nearby Wal-Mart and bought one. She used Plex but I just use a Chrome extension. Plex gathers viewing data per their TOS.First I have to say this: Google, the folks that redefined the smart phone industry with Android, a Linux operating system, doesn't support open and free Linux operating systems with their ChromeCast setup program but they do support the proprietary Mac OS which is also a *nix OS and, of course, there is an Android (which is, again, Linux) phone app. Come on Google. What the heck are you doing?I have a Win7 box so I used that to run setup. I still had problems because of my WiFi router: TP-LINK TL-WDR4300 Wireless N750 Dual Band Router, Gigabit, 2.4GHz 300Mbps+5Ghz 450Mbps, 2 USB port, Wireless On/Off Switch. You need to go to the 'Wireless x.xGHz' section and enable the "Enable WDS Bridging" option. Fill in the fields for the ChromeCast network name. The mac address should be shown on the TV screen. I think the other fields can be left at default values. After I did that the Win7 box saw the device and I was able to complete setup. If you don't have to jump through hoops like I did because of my particular home network it should be a snap for you.Once you get past setup you are golden! Install the two free extensions "Google Cast" and "Videostream for Google Chromecast" in your Chrome browser. The Google Cast extension allows you to play whatever is playing on a tab. The Videostream extension allows you to play video files that are on your computer. Both extensions are easy to use.Whenever a video source is available in the tab the Google Cast extension will change to its active color allowing you to click it and stream to the TV. When you are streaming youtube videos it creates a temporary queue so new vids that you play are added to the queue to be streamed to the TV until you click the 'stop streaming' button. You can rearrange items in the queue as you prefer.To play a local file I just click the videostream shortcut icon on my Linux Mint 17 taskbar and a new tab opens allowing me to select the local file for streaming. You can fast forward or rewind short amounts with shift-arrow. There is a seek bar for big jumps with your mouse.There are Android apps for your phone for both of those extensions. My phone, an LG, is Android 4.1.2 (Jelly Bean), rooted and I use Xperion ROM by GameTheory. Google Cast does not see the ChromeCast device from my phone. Probably because I'm rooted because the VideoStream app, on the other hand, works perfectly on the phone.Streaming is flawless! I imagine that if you have trouble with your WiFi signal because of interference from walls or whatever you might have similar trouble with streaming. I reckon you can either give up or get a signal booster if that is the case for you. Maybe this one? I don't own it but it has a lot of good reviews: TP-LINK TL-WA850RE N300 Universal Wireless Range Extender, Wall Plug, Plug&Play;, Ethernet Port, Smart Signal Indicator Light. I'd get a booster without regard to the ChromeCast if I were having signal problems so its worth the investment either way I think. And having ChromeCast is a good excuse to fix your signal problem if you have one.~$30 to stream to your nice big TV? So worth it!
Chromecast works surprisingly good. It takes about 10 seconds to load up, about the same time it takes my flat screen TV to turn on. The google cast mirroring beta feature for google chrome browser on MS Windows is by far the most used feature to stream everything from Amazon instant, Netflix, youtube, and even local news, yahoo music videos, just about anything the chrome browser will render on my desktop and laptop pc. You have to download an app from google to use the google cast mirroring feature. The dongle also works perfectly with my samsung galaxy s4, LG g pad, and Nexus 7 2012. The chrome cast does not have any apps on it, it's just a receiver so I have to have apps on my devices that have chromecast steaming support. Google play store does not have a streaming app from amazon instant video for mobile devices.My only problem with the chromecast is:-it wont mirror my desktop on windows 8.1 so it is difficult to stream presentations, local photo and video from my laptop and desktop computers. This is a huge con for me.-with a third party app, it is possible to stream some local video and photos, however it can only receive a limited variety of video formats and forget streaming 1080p local video without having to wait at least 10 minutes to watch a 1 minute video clip.-the google cast for the google chrome web browser hangs up occasionally(it is in beta). If this happens, my whole computer seems to start freezing up but it is not. The problem is actually the chromecast dongle which then I have to pull the plug on it, reboot it, and hope that it doesn't happen again. Streaming video in low quality helps, closing every tab except the one being mirrored helps, and disabling everything flash and javascript except the video being played helps. Again this only happens on the google cast for chrome browser, everything else works well.It is still worth the purchase if you are a big youtube/netflix junky and/or you want to use your mobile device for presentations. I am more than happy with my purchase, but I'm still on the hunt for a better mirroring device.
I recently purchased my Google Chromecast from Amazon and so far it is easy to assemble and navigate. It came in a small box with three items, a USB cord, a power cord and the actual Chromecast stick. The device connects to your TV in the HDMI port; you can power it through a wall outlet or a USB port. The setup is just as easy and it only took me five minutes to get it all connected to Wi-Fi and a wireless device. You have to download the Chromecast app on your wireless device and boom you’re almost done. The Chromecast even works with my wife’s iPad which is a plus because my wife has all Apple products and I have androids. I suggest getting this item instead of an Apple TV because it’s a lot cheaper in comparison thirty five dollars compared to as high as three hundred dollars. If you watch a lot of YouTube videos or movies on Netflix this is the perfect way to get it to stream to your TV. You need the Chrome Browser on your computer to cast non Cast video sources like Yahoo Videos or any website other than Netflix and YouTube because it has the button to Cast directly. With the Chromecast extension for your computer you can cast almost anything to your TV. With this extension installed, a button appears in the top right corner of your browser which gives you the ability to stream content on your browser to your TV. You can also play your Google Music and show off photos through your device to the TV, I myself don’t use those features but it seems like a nice feature to have. After a few months of the Chromecast I have essentially discontinued my cable network and plan on shutting it off for good and just keep the internet. The only downside for me is that there is no button remote, you have to use your phone, tablet or PC to navigate through. But once your stream to your TV your device is free to do other things and that’s pretty cool.
This review was very helpful.When the chromecast arrived, it was incredibly easy to set up. I was able to plug it in and immediately start the set up process. Rather than plugging it directly into a TV, mine is plugged into a receiver. When I bought the device, Netflix was still offering a three-month free trial. As a Netflix subscriber, this brought my cost down to just $11. At $11, this device is a no-brainer. At $35, it is a tougher one. I will try to compare the Apple TV and the Chromecast since those are the two I have.Set-UpThe set-up process was incredibly simple. I plugged the device in and instructions popped up on the screen directing me. I pulled up the website it told me to on my computer and I downloaded an app. The app then helped me connect the chromecast to my wifi network. After getting it connected, I then had to download an extension for my chrome browser. All in all, it took under five minutes from getting the package from the UPS man to watching videos on the device.First impressionsWith the chrome browser, you are able to place a browser tab on the screen. I personally noticed that text was not as clear on the screen as it was on my computer screen. I have a 42 inch tv, and I cannot speak to whether or not that is due to buffering issues or something simpler. I then went to YouTube. On YouTube videos there is now a button in the bottom right hand corner that allows you to play the video directly on the TV screen. My understanding is that this ends up being a more effective method than Apple's mirroring for the Apple TV. While you can only use certain Apple laptops for mirroring, the ones that can are uploading the information and the Apple TV is then downloading it which slows the process down a bit. The Chromecast does not have the ability to mirror entire parts of the screen or anything like that, but streaming videos did seem very fast on the Chromecast. I also played a YouTube video from my phone. Similarly, a new box is in the corner that allows you to send the video to the Chromecast.Other notesI have no idea what the future for the Chromecast looks like. I do believe, though, that Google typically opens their software up to more development than Apple does. Unless you have a specific laptop that can mirror to the Apple TV, the two products are very similar. On Apple TV you can watch and listen to local media which is nice. The difference between $35 (or $11 for me) and $99 is pretty drastic and I don't personally think the added functionality of the Apple TV is probably worth that. If you already have an Apple TV, you probably don't need a Chromecast. If you don't have either, I'd snag a Chromecast.
I love this device but it took a bit of work to get it to work completely. Out of the box, it worked great from my Android phone. All the video apps that I've tried worked great. I've used Netflix, YouTube, Hulu and ESPN. I've also been able to play various videos on the Internet that would come up in Chrome. I was also able to get it to work well from my daughter's iPhone. (Yes, we are a mixed family with Android and Apple. Get over it.)I initially ran into problems when I attempted to run apps from my laptop. Anything from YouTube worked perfectly. However, Netflix and Hulu would not work. After whining extensively on the google support pages, I finally was able to come up with the solution. It turns out that AVG was blocking ChromeCast. What I did was to disable AVG, restart Chrome, and then re-enable AVG. Everything works great now.I really like the ability to cast tabs from my laptop. It's like it gives me another monitor without having to run a long HDMI cable. This is what also makes the ChromeCast a great value. All other devices that stream video to your TV are more expensive but they cannot stream anything from your laptop..I also like that the picture quality is quite good. If a video is available to play in HD, then it is rendered in HD on my TV. YouTube also has some extra functionality where it basically acts like a video radio station. I also like that I can browse in one tab and add videos to my queue in another.Once I was able to get ChromeCast to work right, I loved it. Their support site was pretty good in helping me find an answer to the problems I was having. It took a couple of days but a Google employee did get on and help out. In the mean time, there were some expert users that were helpful as well. I currently have an older Apple TV. I think it's 3rd generations. The interface for the Chromecast is far superior. The Apple TV interface is really klunky by comparison. I've looked at the Roku and did not find it as good as the Chromecast and the Roku did not have nearly the same features for even their $100 device. What also acered me away from away from the Roku is there were a lot of reviews on Amazon that stated they had numerous problems with their support.Therefore I highly recommend the ChromeCast and give it 5 stars.
I've had this device for about six months and I continue to have problems with casting.Sometimes an app (e.g. Hulu Plus, Netflix) will have the icon that you can touch to cast it to your TV and sometimes the same icon will spontaneously disappear or never appear at all when first launching the app. Likewise, sometimes while casting the app will drop the signal. This can happen five minutes into the show or even after casting for twenty minutes. When I go to recast the signal sometimes the casting icon within the app is gone or doesn't respond. This is particularly true for Hulu Plus although it's happened within the Netflix and, ironically, the YouTube apps. Finally, I thought perhaps it was because I was using an iPad and maybe there was incompatibility (it is a competitor to Apple TV after all), but I found the same exact issues on an Android device.I called Google for their assist and I have done everything correctly to connect it to the TV. I've also deleted and redownloaded the apps (particularly Hulu Plus several times), but continue to have the same problems. Despite checking out the help sections of each of site, and despite apparently doing everything I should be doing with each app across all of the devices, the problem has continued for several months. And who has time to troubleshoot across several apps, services, and devices over and over again? Too bad because when Chromecast works, it's nice to use (hence the 2 stars).The lesson? Probably my next step will be to look into a Roku box (not its equivalent to the Chromcast) or smart TV configuration. In the meantime, I have to decide whether paying for Netflix and/or Hulu Plus is worth it when the only device I can consistently get functionality is on my laptop. You get what you pay for.
I finally bought a big LED tv and couldn't wait to get a Chromecast, I picked one up, came home, set it up and was sadly not the least bit impressed.  Here is why1. Playback Performance.  It took twice as long to load youtube videos as my PS3.  (sometimes longer, yes I timed it)/  And Netflix, it would barely load, buffering close to once a minute, sometimes sooner than that, and when it did load, it was pixelated badly.2. Wifi performance. Obviously the above issues were from a poor wifi connection. Normally I wouldn't blame the device, but in this instance, my TV (which has a wifi connection), my laptop, my phone, my PS3 AND my 360 are all in the same range, the PS3 and 360 are less than 2 feet away, and just as far from my router and all work flawlessly on their WIFI connections. So its not the network. Its the Chromecast.3. Features.  Now, to be fair, I JUST bought this TV and its a pretty new model, so it has the newest features.  So, my TV does Youtube, Netflix, it can stream content off my phone/tablet/laptop, it can do PLEX, it has Hulu/Facebook/Twitter and everything that the Chromecast has.  I did some reading and it appears that every "smart TV" on the market does this.Bottom line on #3 is that if you buy or already own a recently released Smart TV, don't waste your time or money on a Chromecast. Your TV already does everything the Chromecast does, and likely does it better.I know in the past a lot of smart TVs suffered from a clunky interface and slow performance, and many didn't do PLEX. This is changing and TVs released more recently have a lot higher performance and nicer interfaces.  My LG LED (I don't recall the model number, its the 4K that isn't 3D) has a very nice interface, its just as easy to navigate, just as fast as the chromecast and does PLEX.
Not the best device in the world but there's a lot of potential. Inexpensive and works with smartphones and connected computers. Requires a common Wi-Fi connection (meaning same login in same location for all devices - you can not use 4G, or LTE, must be Wi-Fi). You can stream major services such as hulu, Netflix, YouTube, crackle, songza, hbo, and some others, but subscriptions to those bigger services are usually needed, which you can just sign in from on your phone to access. Now the app allows you to cast your screen directly to your tv for sharing photos and apps, unfortunately, the lag time causes some problems with smooth video/audio, however this does not happen when you are watching hulu or Netflix, only when casting your phone's screen directly. Just a little bigger than a USB drive using HDMI to connect to your tv, it is super portable. I own Roku, Chromecast, and have Wi-Fi tv's. I have not tried fire tv yet. The only reason why this is a four star review is because not enough apps offer casting capabilities. There are a lot of programmers making apps for this in the play store. I bought one that allows one to draw on your phone or tablet and cast the image to the screen like a white board, and even save the image, it's called castpad, my 4 year old Bruce played with that when she visited, look ma, no messy pens and crayons and papers, lol. I have no cable, no satellite, no landline, just internet. This tool is part of my entertainment arsenal.The following was a Q&A; I answered on the BBY website.. (sept 2014).Q: If I bought one for each t.v in my house could I watch a different show on each t.v using the same tablet/phone/PC?A: Hypothetically yes, although, you will not be able to watch 2 or more Netflix out hulu shows simultaneously because the app only allows you to cast to one screen (or one device - chromecast). But the hypothetical is that if you were casting from hulu to one device and Netflix to another device, using the same phone/tablet. As long as each service points to a separately named cjromecast, this can be done. (Pause.... trying this right now on 2 of my chromecasts)... and the answer is... YES. As long as the apps are independently run, each casting to a separate chromecast device (and provided your broadband can handle the multiple video streams) no problem and worked perfectly on 3 devices simultaneously. The evil thing I thought about is that this could be an effective control over lights out for a kid, when it is decided you want to stop a stream and take it out of their control, from a central device. Hope that helps
This is awesome!  We use it all the time.  When our kids wake up at ungodly hours in the early morning and crawl into our beds and say various titles of kids' TV series that they want to watch on our phones, we just pull out one of our Android phones or tablets, or one of our laptops, and open Netflix or Youtube and open up one of their shows and say, "OK, it's on the big TV downstairs, go watch it."  "HOORAY!" they scream as the scamper off down the stairs to watch their show!  Gives us an extra half an hour or so of sleep!  We don't have a "smart" TV, but it does recognize when it is getting input over the HDMI port, and it turns on to that port, which is how we're able to stay in bed and not have to turn on the TV.  It's awesome.One thing I would REALLY like for it to be able to do is to stream movies from a USB drive connected directly to my router.  Right now, I can access the movies in Google Chrome browser by navigating to the drive over the network from my laptop, and then I can cast the whole tab, but that results in glitchy playback of the movie, unless it's extremely compressed, because it has to go from the router to my laptop, play on the laptop, and go back from the laptop to the router and from the router to chromecast and then play on chromecast  :(  But there is constant development happening with Chromecast Apps and I anticipate that something will be available that will work exactly how I want it (just set up the connection from the movie on the USB drive on the router and stream it directly to Chromecast).All in all, I love it!  There is no reason for me to buy a truly smart TV with Chromecast, and it's a super awesome steal of a deal!
This is a great stream/caster, using my Samsung GALAXY S5 cell, especially if you're totally tired of cable contracts and deals only with bundling which usually end after 1-year and skyrocketing cable bills.  THANKS to the Google Chromecast streamer which I use with (Showbox) to watch movies or tv shows, NO MORE CONTRACTS, YAY!!!  It seems to cast well on any larger sized screen, our largest being 84 inches.HOWEVER, I only give it 4-stars because each device will need it's own & they don't tell you it only works with (allcast= which costs $4.99/monthly in my area).Being the electronic brains-WIFE of our castle, I initially I thought I didn't have the Chromecast setup, correctly connected.  I had to search you-tube to find out about this - allcast, which after purchasing enabled me to stream/cast and catch up on everything I haven't seen on tv or at the movies.  SURE EVERYTHING may not be available right away with what I downloaded and use - Showbox, but with all that I've missed and almost daily updates, I'm not missing much at all.  So don't worry ladies if you don't have that electronically skilled nor informed husband or (male) species around, the Chromecast is simple enough to connect yourself.  Just make sure you have a television with HDMI capability/connection and an electrical outlet for better streaming/casting.I definitely recommend purchasing; you will need one for each TV or device you plan to stream/cast on unless you plan on going through the set up each and every time, plugging it into each different device.  I'm not sure if you need to purchase allcast for each item.  So far we've only purchased the Chromecast for one tv which is fine for our almost, empty nest.  An Amazon Prime  membership enables us to view movies and shows as well on the PC's in the house.  So for now, only one more Chromecast will be purchased for viewing on the den tv ......HAPPY STREAM/CASTING!!!!!!
I went in here to buy one of these, but since I will be stuck with an iPhone for at least a year and a half I guess I won't be able to use it due to all the reviews from iPhone owners. I say "stuck with the iPhone " because I can't help but wonder if the problem between the Google Chomecast and iPhone/iPad could be due to Apple's proprietary garbage. A few months ago, being sick of trying to charge my iPhone on the crappy 3 foot lightning charger that comes with it, I ordered a nice six foot charging cord. It worked great and then one day there was a notice on the screen of my iPhone that said that the cord "might not word because it wasn't "certified by Apple." I then investigated and found out that when you buy a charging cord that does not say "Certified by Apple," they go into your iPhone and "update" your system to NOT RECOGNIZE THAT CORD ANYMORE!!! Naturally, most people who don't know this and blame the makers of the cord and not the pure disgusting GREED of Apple Corp. I was then FORCED to buy a charging cord that was "Certified by Apple" for more than DOUBLE THE COST of the other cord (of course Apple gets their cut on the sale of every cord). And I want to state that for years I had owned Android phones and LG, Samsung, etc.....NEVER interfered with which charger cord I purchased.For these reasons I am wondering if Apple is sticking their nose into this Google Chromecast and if so, is there any way I still could be able to buy the Chromecast  and bypass any stumbling blocks to its use.  If anyone knows how to get this to work please add comment. If you want to praise Apple save it....the only reason I even have this iPhone is because my daughter talked me into trying it after my husband recently passed away and I joined her phone plan an needed to get a new phone. Between it costing me more to buy cords for both iPhone and iPad for both my living room and bedroom and all the money Steve Jobs cost owners of Kindles in 2009 with what the US Justice Department has now termed "Collusion and Price Fixing" scheme Jobs devised with five major publishing companies, I have just about had it with the complete blatant corporate greed that is a big part of Apple Corp business model. FYI In 2009 when Jobs was ready to put out his first iPad, he was jealous of Amazons success with Kindle and wanted to destroy them so he devised the collusion and price fixing scheme on e-books with five major publishers that double the price that Amazon could sell it's e-books to Kindle owners. For me the price for best sellers jumped from $9.99 to $17.99. Naturally everyone was blaming Amazon and they ha nothing to do with it. In fact Amazon tried to fight the price increases and lost to Apple and the Big 5 Publishers. I only found out about this two years ago. Jobs bragged about what he had done in his book ( conveniently published AFTER his death). Justice Dept investigated and now Jobs former partners in crime (the publishers) are caving in one by one making deals to make this go away and the prices are coming down a bit (finally)! If you don't believe look it up!
So I just went just got a Chromecast yesterday because I have been annoied at connecting my laptop to the TV whenever I want to watch movies/TV shows on the big screen (which is what I basically do every night, so it’s a lot of time).* Set Up: Really easy, only needed half the box worth of devices. Just plug the Chromecast into a free HDMI port on the TV, then plug in the USB to the TV (if available, this is what I did).  The you just follow instructions on the TV.* Netflix and Native Apps: Pretty pleased with both the experience and quality of the app and resulting video. It’s definitely nice to to not need to continually use a device. Unfortunately, Netflix makes you manually go back to the season and choose the next video from that list.* Tab Casting: Slow and unusable for the primary use, casting flash videos from the web to the TV. Everything else lags by around .75-2 seconds (depending on quality of casting), which can be usable, but isn’t great.Annoyances:* You have to use Chrome to get any of these features until developers create extensions for other browsers. Also, Netflix and Youtube only have their UI option for casting video in Chrome, even though I don’t think there is a particular reason to (my guess is Chromecast detection on the local network)* Tab Casting is extremely slow and a CPU hog, unusable for online video* Netflix not supporting non-stop play in either the mobile app or browser* Netflix not keeping the default display* Netflix not having an easy way to just go to the next video in the cast UI in the browser* Youtube not having the ability to queue up videos in the browser (it does in the iOS appSemi-Technical discussion:* Based on my testing of Tab Casting, it seems that tab casting does some optimizations when it can, but the main bottleneck is Flash as the primary method of video distribution. Tab casting seems to use some sort of transcoder which doesn’t take advantages of multiple processors/cores, in addition to Flash Player having the same limitation (and the Flash Player doesn’t seem to take advantage of hardware acceleration, but based on the CPU usage, the transcoder probably does).* Trying to cast a standard full-screen Flash Video (480p Youtube cast at 480p) in Youtube encountered a significant audio/video disconnect, but when changing to the HTML5 experience in Youtube, I cast both the 480p and 720p video (tab cast, as opposed to the native casting) in Standard (480p), High (720p) and Extreme (720p - high bitrate) with any disconnect. Using the native Youtube cast button quality is approximately the same as the Extreme quality, but without needing to consume computer resources, just streaming the raw video to the Chromecast.* I would have to do some more investigation on the file formats/plugins that it supports tab casting from, since it seems like not all are.* * MOV (h.264 & AAC, 720p) - Video Only (Audio plays on laptop)* * MP4 (h.264 & AAC, 720p) - Video/Audio (Same file as above, just renamed)* * Netflix Silverlight - Video Only (Audio plays on laptop)* * AVI (didn’t check format, 480p) - Video Only (Audio plays on laptop)* * MKV (didn’t check format, 1080p) - Video Only (Audio plays on laptop)Note: this was initially written when the Chromecast came out. Since then Netflix continually has changed how post-play works for both the desktop and iOS apps, I'm not sure of the current status of it (I've moved to using my PS4 more often for Netflix, which was the primary use case)
What's great about it: Easy setup, easy to use, and Great PriceWhat's not so great: Not many apps....YetManaged to get one of the first batches and SO glad I did. Plugged it in to an available HDMI port for TV and USB port for power, so everything is neatly tucked behind my TV. I tried it with my iPhone and the current available apps, and everything streams flawlessly. But my favorite thing about this is finally being able to view web content on my TV. I have an AppleTV as well as other Apple devices, including a 2010 MacBook Pro. I was disappointed that my Mac is one year too old to be able to mirror my computer screen to my TV. Now, with Google's Chromecast, I can send any tab to my TV. And it's actually better than full mirroring, because you can send a tab of your choice to your TV and continue browsing other tabs (or anything else for that matter) on your computer without disrupting the signal that is being sent to your TV. If you simply mirrored the device, then everything else on your computer screen would be on the TV as well - and this doesn't do that. So it really is PERFECT for me. Well worth the $35 for that feature alone, let alone everything else it does too. And for those that say "it doesn't have a remote"... well it isn't supposed to. That's just another benefit. WHO wants to add yet ANOTHER remote? YAY!Pros1.Takes under 30 seconds to connect and start streaming. This does not stream from device, it streams through Wifi, therefore saving battery on your devices. You use the device as a remote.2.I tested using: all worked great!a.Nexus 7b.Laptopc.iPhone3.Streaming Netflix is flawless, but Subtitles do not work on the device. I have contacted Netflix, even though the Chromecast says it will display subtitles, it does not. Netflix has reported this up the chain so hopefully this will be addressed soon.4.Can multitask on the device while streaming Netflix. Does not affect the quality of the streaming.5.Youtube streams flawlessly too, sound is better than I thought it would be.Cons:1.You do have to have power going to the device by usb connection(included), so it’s one extra cord behind TV. I thought I wouldn’t need this., but not a big deal.a.This might be a reason why the TV doesn’t turn on when I play my Netflix? I read somewhere as soon as you connect, it should automatically on tv and switch to that input.2. Limited (for now) to only Netflix, YouTube, Google play media and Chrome browser with extension installed on laptop.3. Can’t access local/personal movies on Google Move & TV4. Can’t play personal music on google play (has to be in the cloud only or purchased from Google) This is my biggest Conflict with the device5. Using the Chromecast extension for browsing in Chrome is quite laggy, but I believe it is still in Beta testing stage. Playing videos from here does not work well at all, even on the lowest video quality setting. I found this as a workaround to play personal movies from computer, but it is very laggy and unwatchable. I don’t know if this is due to my Internet(which is 20gb) or laptop which is only 1 year old?Overall:It’s a good start, but if there is a way we can stream our ‘on- device’ personal movies/music, this I think will be a big step up. I don’t want to post all my recorded videos of my son’s Tball game on youtube. This would be time consuming.But for $35 you can’t really go wrong, with getting 3 months free Streaming Netflix. You can’t get any technology for this price. This is just the beginning of the Chromecast and I believe there will be more apps and programs to work with this. One comes to mind , is Pandora or maybe some games? Rumors are that Pandora is close. I expect the app market for this device to grow fast.I would recommend this to a friend!
A coworker told me about chromecast and it seemed like a great solution for me, as the VGA out on my laptop no longer works. Right from the start I experienced problems with this thing. It was a pain to set up - the TV wouldn't recognize it and then I couldn't connect to it via wifi. After a few minutes I got that sorted out and it started work...for a little while. Here are the following issues I had with it:1. Half the time casting a tab or netflix wouldn't work - either nothing would show on the TV, or it would put like a place holder screen on the television (for example with PLEX player it would say "plex player: ready to stream" or whatever) but the video would still be playing on the laptop and not show on the tv and I'd have to totally close out of everything/reboot and unplug chromecast & plug it back in and hope it worked.2. Although I have a good internet connection, at first almost every video via netflix would open and get stuck at 0% and never load. Eventually this got better but it was REALLY frustrating.3. Every few days the television would completely stop recognizing the device; it would claim no device is plugged in to that HDMI port. For a while moving it to another HDMI port fixed it.4. After about a month it stopped working altogether and now it's not recognized in any HDMI port. I tried a reset on the device itself and now when I try to reconfigure I cannot because it doesn't show up on the TV at all.Overall, since very few things actually support Chromecast (so far) it's not really that great even if it was to work flawlessly. I would definitely use it, but it wouldn't be a 5 star product - though there is certainly potential in the future. However, as these things seem very buggy (after reading a bunch of forums trying to troubleshoot issues, it seems as though the issues are widespread) and don't offer a ton of functionality, I wouldn't recommend it. I have decided whether I even want to try for a replacement or just close the book on chromecast for now...
Like many of you, I struggled with the decision of choosing between this little gadget and the many similar, or even more powerful products out there on the market. I researched several products and spent (way too much) time comparing.I ultimately landed on the chromecast, and here's the short reason why: The COST was low, i didn't have much to lose. Chrome cast's capability is limited, but sufficient for my needs currently, and can be augmented by finding some good apps. Those apps can cost money, so if you have immediate plans to use your device to accessChromecast is great for Netflix, YouTube, Crackle, and Hulu. If getting those apps to play on your TV are really the only use you're looking to get, stop reading here, and just buy the Chromecast. They integrate seamlessly from your device to play on your TV. Most/all phones with chromecast don't even require you to keep the specific app open while you watch, allowing the user to continue using their phone for other purposes.Here's an adequate, though incomplete chart from businessinsider.com comparing various similar products with the Chromecast: http://www.businessinsider.com/tv-streaming-products-competition-chart-2014-7It might be able to answer all your questions and help solve your media consuming needs.Now, if you are still interested, here's my reasoning behind why i picked the Chromecast and am still happy with my choice:I was willing to lose out on the ~$35 I spent on the Chromecast if it didn't end up meeting my needs. I realize that money could be put toward a more powerful device, but I also realize I own multiple TVs and the Chromecast would likely end up getting used either way as long as I wasn't completely disgusted with it.My plan was to buy the chromecast and use it for a couple of it's simple purposes that i for sure wanted, and then upgrade to Roku or Apple Air, or another similar product if I wanted more. Since then (10 months ago), I still haven't bought anything else. I use chromecast nearly every day. I've found that chromecast does all that I personally need by using a few apps that I already owned. I'll explain in a paragraph or two... but it allowed me to pick and choose the features I wanted a la carte. That being said, the most simple and streamlined way to get some or all of those features would be to buy a more expensive product in the first place, and saves the hassle of figuring out to integrate multiple apps.Power of chromecast:The chromecast can cast tabs, which opens options up significanty for its use, but is also heavily dependent on how good your wifi router and internet connectivity speed is (speed is going to affect any device though). Other devices function without having to communicate with your phone or tablet. Apps are being added slowly over time. Plex allows for remote viewing of your computer's media. Slingbox allows you to view your home tv and dvr from anywhere in the world on a phone or tablet (like the dish hopper), with the help of a chromecast, you can then sling your video to the TV you're currently near, assuming you have it connected to a chromecast device and have wifi access.One thing about the Chromecast to know is that although it looks like a simple thumb drive, it's a bit bigger and some TV ports will need the dongle (the small extension cable included with your chromecast) to hook up and still allow other HDMI cables to insert in adjacent ports.
This is literally the best device I HAVE EVER BOUGHT. I didn't want to buy it because I have my Desktop PC hooked up to my TV and my surround sound. But I was looking for an easy way to play netflix from sitting on the couch. There isn't a way to control the netflix on a desktop from your phone like you can on a chrome cast. (You can with Plex, however.)So everyone  told me to just bite the bullet and get a chromecast and from $35 bucks its hardly an investment. So, I gave in. And let me tell you, this is the best device ever. I forgot I always wanted a way to control my music (Google Music) when not sitting at the computer and you can do that with chromecast, you can watch  Netflix, Plex, Youtube, Pandora, Twitch it is literally the best device ever!! It is also so small you can bring it with you, put in you backup or purse or where ever. You could bring it to a party so you can play Netflix or music in the background. I am going to be moving into a dorm later this month and I am DEFINITELY bringing my chromecast so we can watch Plex, Netflix and listen to music in the main room its going to be awesome. Its going to blow some minds, guaranteed.Now I wanted to explain two things:Setup:You just plug in the Chromecast into the hdmi and then plug the powercord (either into the wall with a power adapter or just plug the usb into the tv). I plugged in the powerchord into the wall so when I start casting it actually turns on my tv for me! (because the chromecast is always on, similar to a roku)To set up the device you need to download the chromecast app from the playstore. Then it finds it and then connects to it and then you set up the wifi for it. Really simple and intuitive.Youtube:Casting youtube is amazing. You can add videos to the queue and anyone else that connects to the chromecast (android or ios) can see the queue and even add more videos to the queue. Its so cool and awesome.If you need a way to stream music or videos or pictures to the tv. I HIGHLY recommend the chromecast, it is amazing and definitely a steal for $35.
This is going to change the way we see television. Yes, it's that innovative.First of all, this device singlehandedly killed the remote. There is no remote. Everything you do, you do it on your device, be it smartphone, tablet, computer, whatever. Multiple devices can be registered to control the Chromecast. If that isn't innovation (innovation that works and is accessible in a production device, not some untouchable conceptual product!), I don't know what is. Let me say it again: the age of the dumb thing we know as remote has come to its end!Second, all your content is a selection of what you see on your device. For example, if you want to watch Netflix, you open the actual Netflix app on your phone, and then choose to view on the Chromecast's screen (TV) instead of your phone's screen. Media can be seen on it, and much more. You don't actually need to look for it on the device itself (think media players) after you found it on your device. There is no transition. It's all a continuity solution, it's seamless. It's an extension of all your devices at the same time.And the future is bright. Theoretically, this device opens a bright new future to a time when you won't need to interact with the horrible software in your cable's STB, or dumb TV, or anything. They will release an app for your phone (a much smarter platform) and you will be able to manipulate the guide on your device instead of in the STB's remote. Again, the remote is gone and everything is done via network. Of course, this is theoretically possible, and cable companies certainly don't want to give up control in benefit of the user. But still, I'm just telling you how mind boggling this device is. It's the Pandora's box of the XXI century.You may think this is all an hyperbole. It's not. I can't remember the last time I was so impressed with a product. Maybe it's because I can see the capabilities that could be unlocked with we pushed this little guy to its limits. It's like living the tomorrow, today.And the best of all? It's cheap, it's a steal.
Don't know why it took me so long to get a Chromecast. Even though I have other means of streaming Netflix and HBO Go (i.e., an Xbox) this little device still gets used if I just want to watch something quick. I have mine running off of TV power (it is plugged in and gets its power from a usb port on the TV). This means that the device powers off when I turn the TV off. When the TV is turned on the Chromecast takes about 5-10 seconds to boot up and is ready to go. I currently use it to stream Netflix, youtube, or HBO Go using my Samsung Galaxy S4 as the "content controller".It's important to realize with this device you need more than just a Chromecast and a TV. You need something to direct the content to the Chromecast. This can be a phone, a tablet or a PC on the same wifi network as the Chromecast. I'm not positive, but it doesnt seem to me that the intermediary device (phone/tablet/PC) uses any data/processing power in this function as my phone never heats up or has a significant drop rate in battery power, it really just seems to be operating as a remote control. For this reason, the streaming content you choose to send to the Chromecast has to have an app on the "remote control device". This means that I cant stream NBC sports (premier league soccer) through my phone to the Chromecast because there is no Google Play app for this streaming content. Luckily, you can use a PC with Google Chrome browser and stream anything in that browser window to the Chromecast! This means that on my PC upstairs I can open a browser tab start the NBC sports content in the tab maximize the window and (using the Chrome browser extension "Google Cast") send the content to my Chromecast/TV downstairs. The only problem there is controlling the source content (on the PC) since it is now not in the same room. Therefore I set up Teamviewer software on my phone and connected to the PC in order to pause and change content remotely.
I couldn't even figure out how to set it up. The advertisement basically says plug it in and you can start watching all this stuff.  Not really.  Plugging it in was easy.  Everything after that was a mess.  First of all it doesn't run off the TV, it runs off of a smart phone or laptop.  That's how you control it.  I couldn't even set it up.  I got through the set up once and then had to download an app. First I had to delete a bunch of stuff off my phone to make storage space for the app. Then it needed to run an update which required even more storage space so had to delete more stuff from my phone. Finally got through the set up and it showed me a video on how to "cast" things. I cast Netflix (I think) and a couple of other things. Then I lost the app and had to go back in. When I went back onto the app it said that I needed to set up the TV that I had just set up. Then it knocked my internet out to the point that I couldn't even find my wifi on the list. I finally gave up.  I gave it to my daughter to try and she couldn't even set it up from her smart phone because it wouldn't download the app.  She got it on her husband's phone but it is so ridiculous that she said I should just return it.  Who wants to use their phone or laptop as a remote for their TV? Even if you can figure out how to get it set up you need a college degree in Chromecast just to work it. If I could give it negative stars I would. I have an Amazon Fire TV box and I LOVE it (even though I have to reset it periodically).  So in my humble opinion, just pay the extra for that because it really is as simple as plugging it in and watching TV.  AND it comes with a real remote!
The main purpose in my case was to cast ESPN from computer to TV. This review may be a bit too tech, but I decided to share just in case someone else has the same issue.SETUP: I have windows x64 8.1 wireless connected to my A*us router - this was pretty easy, but during the process I lost connectivity and it wasn't restored w/o my intervention. Then the setup process stumbled and I had to try again, 2-nd time was a charm. I automatically installed google chrome in the process (no I did not have it :-)) I prefer to use slimjet portable instead of chrome, but for the purpose of this I used only chrome. Computer is about 25 feet away from my router but chromecast it is right beside router. My wireless network was setup a couple of months back and it is running strong, I get disconnected only during thunderstorms :) My adapter (USB connected) shows 5 bars at all times and it is connected at 270Mbps.It is weird, but in my case I can watch ESPN only on computer, not on tablet or phone (yet, my provider is working on this...)PURPOSE: After initial setup I fired ESPN on chrome and start casting. It was working fine (HD) but I did not let it run for too long.First thing I noticed: sport actions and HD is a bit lagging on my 55" sammy, I can notice it but it is not that bad and I can live with it.Another thing is that I thought once cast started you can save energy, put your computer to sleep!?! :) Well, that's not the case with my setup, I need to keep my computer up and running with ESPN the whole time I'm casting.Two days later I wanted to watch a live event, so i fired it up and after 10 minutes it froze and then lost connection; checked computer, it was true, repair connection and back on with the cast. Guess what? Happened again, restored and happened again. My live event was ruined so I started investigating and I found in the event viewer that "A timeout occurred while waiting for the EHCI host controller Interrupt on Async Advance Doorbell response." or "Name resolution for the name espn3mlbam.espn.go.com timed out after none of the configured DNS servers responded.", it was happening one or the other one. Investigating further I found out that first error may happen with Windows 8.1 (not Win 7!) and there is no known solution (USB ports are blocked during high traffic) at this time, just a "shy work around" to disable windows firewall? I tried that, it looked like it fixed it, but still happened after a while.In the end I was thinking to return the device, but I tried one more thing: I moved my wireless adapter to an USB3 port and I was able to watch the match between Federer and Monfils entirely w/o interruptions!Pros: small, relatively easy setup, hdmi, powered from TV's usb (in my case), HD (720p)Cons: must keep my computer running when casting, very limited options from google cast add-on
Chromecast is an excellent product for anybody who does a lot of video streaming and does not have a roku, fire stick, apple TV, etc.  The Chromecast does not really offer anything new that those other products do not, so if you already have something else I would not recommend purchasing this as well.To setup, I found the Chromecast fairly straightforward.  You simply plug it in to the HDMI port of your TV (I use the power cable as well), download the Chromecast app to your phone, and connect the Chromecast to your WiFi.  Once the device is connected to your network, it can be accessed by anything else on the same network, whether it's a phone, tablet, laptop, etc.  I have used the device on both an iPhone and an Android and it has worked well on both.In terms of streaming, I will say that I have had great success with the phone, but the product has been almost unusable watching videos on a laptop.  If I am streaming a movie on my laptop and try to "cast" the page to the TV, the quality is very poor and choppy.  For this reason, I stick to using apps on my phone.  The easiest apps I have used to stream are Netflix, Hulu, Youtube, and HBOGO.  These apps simply have a "cast" symbol on the top right of the screen and once clicked, will easily connect the device.  Then, you simply press play on your phone and the movie will begin streaming to the TV.One thing that's great about this device is you can minimize the screen on your phone and do other things such as text or browse the internet, and the movie will continue streaming uninterrupted to the TV.  The one major issue I have (and this may be more the fault of Amazon) is that the Amazon instant video app does not have Chromecast support, meaning there is no casting button on the app.  Luckily there is currently a workaround, where you can cast your entire phone screen to the TV and then play the video on your phone, but this means you must keep the video up on your phone at all times.  In addition, I do not believe this is yet supported for Apple iOS.To summarize:Pros:- Easy to setup- Works great on phone- For supported apps, one click streaming- Able to use phone for other purposes while streamingCons:- Poor quality for laptop casting- No Amazon instant watch support
Let me start by saying I have used the Chromecast for about 20 minutes so far. I have spent all day, upwards of 6 hours trying to get it working.The setup initially appears to be real easy and straight forward. Once I got things working the setup really was easy. It was the time in-between that was not pleasant.The error message I got initially was that the Chromecast could not be found on the network. Researching only and calling Google direct this is an issue with router settings. The precise settings are either the uPnp, AP wireless mode, or the guest mode settings. All of these setting were set correctly for my router, or so I thought.No matter how many times I tried to reset my router and redo my setting, un-click and re-click, reboot and restart everything, the Chromecast would not connect. After more research I noticed an update to my router firmware and tried to do the update. The router gave me an error constantly saying that the firmware file was not compatible - yet it was the file downloaded by the built-in auto updater!So after much more research I tried to downgrade the firmware to an older version, because as it turns out the version I had was pulled from the manufacturers website at some point for having a lot of issues. Its amazing my internet worked at all. Trying to down grade offered the same error message that it was not a compatible file. Again more research and I find there is another way to downgrade. I had to reset the router, directly connect to port 1 using a specific IP address, do a special acrobatic combination of pressing buttons and the reset button. Eventually after about an hour of getting the process down correctly, I was able to hit the update button and within two minutes the router came back to life.Logging into the router proved that the firmware had been downgraded. At this point I upgraded to the newest firmware and things were still going great. I reset all the wireless setting to match what they were, redid the port forwarding, and setting the static IP addresses for various devices.At this point I was really hoping the Chromecast would work and if it didn't I was going to return it. Well I ran the setup and this time it very quickly connected, updated, and was done. My Moto G instantly recognized it and started casting without any extra software. Same with my wife's phone. I got a plugin for Chrome and that also works.Casting the browser on my laptop was a bit laggy but it works. Pandora, Youtube, and Netflix work really smartly. Even the phones volume buttons control the TV volume. My wife instantly took to it since shes the one who watches TV the most.Then it happened. The Chromecast just shut off.  I assume the TV's USB port has power saving and shut off. So I just plugged the Chromecast into the wall and it hasn't happened since.The router I used is a Netgear N600 wndr3700v2
Ok, I was a little hesitant to jump on the "Chromecast Bandwagon".  I've had a Media PC for over a decade, so I have made the digital transition long before most.  I currently have all my music and Movies on hard drives that I store on a server.  I've always ran long cables to the TV in order to use all of this media.  Chromecast gave me freedom on ALL my TV's.You can use your Chromecast just as you do any smart TV for things like Netflix, Play Movies, You Tube, etc.  The beauty of the Chromecast is you don't have to fumble through your TV's slow software to get to what you want.  I don't care how Nice and new your TV is, the software required to run the smart TV is clunky, slow and nowhere near as streamlined as a phone or tablet.  What I mean is that your smart TV has a built in software to run the "smart" functionality.  You are at the limits of your TV manufacturer to ever update this.  Update examples would be to add more features, or improve your models performance, etc.  Chromecast works only as a transfer of your already installed apps on your phone or tablet.  All it does is take the app and display it on the screen.  For example, you want to watch Netflix.  You pick up your phone, pick the Netflix app and start watching your show.  If you want to watch it on your Living Room TV, your press the cast button in the upper right of the app and it will send that show to your Living room TV.  If you have multiple TV's with Chromecast, you can move rooms and simple pick another Cast and it will send the show there.My Media PC now sits in the basement and I've added something called Plex Media Server.  This software allows you to play your movies, home videos, music, etc. directly to the TV without any wires.  You control it the same way as described above on any TV in the house.  Plex takes it a step further and inputs all the Media Data about the movies and/or music so it shows up on your phone with clip art, track lists, etc.  It's a very convenient setup!
Google's Chromecast actually surprised me for all that it can do for the price. It seems more and more people are looking to get into the streaming experience, but the price for some may be too high. Google really packed a lot into a device for the price point, and it can do a lot of what Apple TV or a Roku box can do. You just have to do a little research and experimenting to get what you need.For $35 dollars you get an a streaming device that ties all your electronics together whether you use Mac OS X or Windows for laptop. If you use the Google Chrome extension you can steam content from your browser with audio to the tv. Then you can also mirror desktop too but you will not have audio as the feature is still in beta. On the mobile side if you have an Android device you'll truly unlock the experience with what it can do. By looking on the Play Store you'll find a range of apps that will let "cast" content to the bigger screen without killing battery. In addition if you use an app called BubbleUPnP you can cast content that does not have the capability yet, but you have to toy around with settings.The only negative I really have with the device a whole is that if you step away for an extended period of time the apps will stop streaming. The only other negative is more on my WiFi setup than device is that sometimes buffering takes a while. Overall if you are on a budget and want some great steaming content go for the Chromecast.Pros:- Cost- Easy set-up using the Chromecast app (on Play and App Store for free)- Lots of streaming options than you expect- Solid Design and Form FactorCons:- Times out of content after you go inactive from device (~ 15 to 30 minutes if you pause content)- Depending on your network or WiFi signal buffering could take a little time if router is far away.
I have two Roku boxes for home and cut the cord, but one thing Roku boxes don't do well is travel.In steps the Chromecast and now I can take my Netflix and Hulu Plus subscription on on the road (hotels, visiting family, etc.)I combine it with my TrendNET N150 Wireless Travel Router TEW-714TRU. This way I don't have to join a new Wi-Fi network or even care if location (often a hotel) has Wi-Fi or wired Ethernet. The TrendNET also keeps me behind a NAT firewall with OpenDNS protection (which lets my kids get on with their tablets and not have full open Internet access).Most hotel's TV are HDMI capable these days so this works great. The real question is does the hotel have enough bandwidth. I recommend scoping out the hotel ahead of time with https://www.hotelwifitest.com. I found 7 Mbps to work just fine for Hulu and Netflix at 1024p but I'm happy at 720p too in most cases.It is also nice to throw on to any TV and throw up any videos or pictures from you phone while on vacation or at relatives house.I like too that you can control the volume from the my android phone (or Nexus 7 tablet). I found it very nice to be able to switch between them even as a show is playing.Sadly Amazon Prime or Instant Video won't work on Android but for travel, Nextflix and Hulu Plus are enough for now. I don't watch that much on the road any ways, but it nice to have this for the moments of downtime and not stuck watching crappy real-time TV with endless commercials.The new Roku stick might solve some of the minor issues, but this was cheaper. I'm not a Google fanboy but I do prefer the Android environment more than IOS (I own several of iPxxx devices as well). If you were a Apple user, I can see that being a better option. I've just never have liked Roku's interface for getting personal video/pictures on the screen so I give the Chromecast a plus on that end.I might even be able to use this for work to display what is on my tablet's or phone's screen during presentations. That is a bit more situational (HDMI port in always available on projector) but I think it has promise.Overall, this is now a permanent fixture in my tech go-bag.
Chromecast is neat. There's a lot you can do with it, it's portable, and the price can't be beat. Setup is a breeze if you're at all familiar with Chrome, and the available range of options is incredible.Let's talk a little bit about what Chromecast can do. At the most basic level, apps on Android-based smartphones and tablets will be able to display on a Chromecast-equipped TV. You can watch Netflix, Hulu, Youtube, and other streaming apps on your TV without hooking up a cumbersome media PC. That capability right there is worth the price of admission.Where Chromecast really shines, though, is the tab-casting ability. This lets you take any Chrome tab and broadcast it, sound and all, to your TV. Really ram-intensive processes, like flash games, will chug a bit, but most tabs stream without too much of a hiccup. If you're into game streams, you can put them on a TV and watch them without alt-tabbing over. If you're editing a document or pulling something from a website, you can throw it to a TV and use it like a second monitor. If you've worked at all with Google's ecosystem, you know what to expect- a versatile tool that's light on direction but strong on functionality.It only gets 4 stars instead of 5 for a couple of design quirks. First, it sticks straight out the back of the TV, so unless you have vertical HDMI ports, you need to get an elbow or deal with your TV not being flush against the wall. The power cord also goes in there, and it's very easy to break it trying to get your TV back to its original position (though it is a microUSB cable, and every gadget in the world uses them, so replacements are easy to get). Casting a tab mutes its audio, so you're stuck using your TV speakers for sound. Just a few little annoyances that make what would be a fantastic gadget just good.
I bought this with one thing in mind. I have an external HD with hundreds of DVD's in folders with folder names of VIDEO_TS and full of files with extensions of .BUP, .IFO, .VOB, etc. and I had that HD plugged into my new Wi-Fi router that has a USB port on it so the drive is shareable to any device on my network. I actually exchanged emails with the Streamcast developers before buying this device to see if it would handle this, they assured me it would but may have buffering issues. You see, Streamcast is a plug-in for Google Chrome. The Streamcast plug-in talks to my external HD and can see and play the movies on there and send those to the TV but it's a pretty convoluted thing and it's kinda like it used to be when watching YouTube videos and the video starting and stopping while the buffer catches up. So, my laptop running Chrome and Streamcast would retrieve the video files over Wi-Fi, then it would have to transcode the files and send them over Wi-Fi to the Chromecast that was plugged into my TV. While this worked I had terrible buffering issues. And while I have a pretty fast laptop (I5 processor, 4GB RAM, SSD) and a very fast Wi-Fi network this wasn't a workable solution for me. I ended up returning it to Amazon. I had to eat the return shipping because the device wasn't technically defective. Good thing it's light and cheap to ship!I solved my problem by buying one of these instead:http://www.amazon.com/Live-Media-Player-Wi-fi-1080p/dp/B005KOZNBW/ref=sr_1_1?s=electronics&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1406753539It works beautifully! Sorry Amazon, I bought it from someone else a bit cheaper because it was on sale ($70 after rebates). But the HD plugs directly into a USB port on the WD device and then out the HDMI cable to the TV. Flawless, subtitles even work! But I digress, that's not this device. :o)
I've had this little device for about a week now, and I am simply blown away! A little about my setup-- I have a fairly extensive home network (four routers that connect seven computers, two NAS devices and six different tablets). I have a big deck at the end of my yard that's about 200 feet away from the closest router, and I decided to install a TV on the outside of a shed that's connected to the deck for outdoor viewing and needed a way to stream content to it besides the OTA antenna I installed on the roof of the shed. Enter the Chromecast-- I was afraid that I wouldn't be able to get a strong enough signal to stream content to this device (if I place a laptop in the same general area, the signal is pretty weak), but this thing handles everything I throw at it flawlessly. I have watched a movie on Netflix every night since I installed it (a process which takes all of five minutes) and I've yet to have a single stutter. It provides a constant, crystal clear HD stream that looks nothing short of fantastic on my TV.  In the morning, I use the Watch ESPN app to stream Sports Center while I drink coffee on the deck and, again, no pauses, pixelation or stutters so far. I also use Plex media server to stream content from my main living room PC and it works amazingly well.I also own an Amazon Fire TV and the latest gen Apple TV-- this thing blows both of those out of the water for what I'm using it for, and for $30, no less. It's not even a contest (nothing against the other two devices... I especially love the Fire TV, but it can't handle my deck situation properly because I have nowhere to place it so that the remote can control it properly). There are some cons, but none that are the fault of the hardware, so I can't take off any stars-- Amazon hasn't added Chromecast support for Instant Video or Amazon Music (I assume both are forthcoming), nor have Spotify or Vimeo added support.  Once those folks wake up and add support for Chromecast, this will be a perfect device!
Before buying a Playstation 4, I had read that they were doing away with DLNA streaming so I needed to find something to replace that functionality. When I heard that chromecast supported Plex media server, I ordered one of these with my PS4. It's not as convenient as having the functionality of a game console with dlna functionality built in, but it works great. I can control it from my phone, tablet, or pc, and I've never had any problems with it. I've used it with youtube, plex, and pandora and have had no issues whatsoever, and the price is amazing for what you get. (I understand that chromecast does not support dlna streaming, but the fact that plex apps work with it provides me with the functionality I need)ALSO: Here is a HUGE question I think a lot of people have with this device that don't own it.Before I bought this, I went to worst purchase and asked a computer sales associate, if I casted a movie on netflix from my phone or tablet, would I be able to hit the home button on said phone or tablet and run other apps  while the movie was playing on my tv, or would the movie stop as soon as I hit the home button.Long story short, the guy knew nothing about chromecast, tried to lie to me with an answer containing processor specs expecting me to be intimidated and confused, instead it made me angry, so I called him out, ordered the chromecast and found out you CAN in fact, hit the home button, do other things on your phone or tablet while media streams to your chromecast in the background of your device and there will be several functions (rewind, fast forward, play, pause, stop) in your notifications area on your device.I hope this helps a lot of people make their choice in buying this product. I definitely recommend the Google Chromecast.
The basic features of the Google Chromecast can be used easily by any one that knows how to connect to a wifi network. The product itself is small and can be hidden behind the TV either by itself, or with the supplied HDMI "corner" add-on. As it can be powered by the TV's USB slots, it minimizes the amount of power outlets needed and the amount of cables that run through the house.The basic and easy to use features include: "Casting" tabs from your Chrome browsers into your TV (via the official "Google Cast" extension to Chrome) or "casting" mobile/web apps to your TV (such as Netflix, Pandora, Youtube, etc.).However, some feature may seem too advance to normal users. For example, in order to stream a movie file from your PC (or Mac) to the Chromecast, you would require an additional app/Chrome extension. An extension such as https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cnciopoikihiagdjbjpnocolokfelagl (Videostream for Google Chromecast).Moreover, if you're residing within countries that don't have services such as Netflix, etc. Be aware that setting the Chromecast to work with services such as http://www.unblock-us.com/ might prove more difficult (as the Google Chromecast uses the Google http://8.8.8.8/ DNS by default).In comparison with other streamers, such as Apple TV, the Google Chromecast might improve the performance of streaming online services (Netflix, Pandora, etc.), as it stream them directly from the source (as opposed to the Apple TV, that streams it from your computer/mobile phone). On the flip side, the Apple TV will stream local content (a movie on your mobile, etc.) in a superior way.Overall, I've been using Google Chromecast for the past 4 months and it is now my main Netflix viewing method. I also don't connect my computer to the TV anymore via a cable - I only use Videostream for Google Chromecast.
Extremely limited in its capabilities. I suppose it's great if you're a big netflix, youtube and Hulu user but it really doesn't do much else besides those three and, besides being able to (or is it being forced to) control it with my phone, I haven't found anything it does that xbox360 and PS3 don't already do.If you're a big user of Netflix or Hulu I can see its appeal. I prefer to get free shipping with my 10 month old movies and decade old direct to DVD movies so I use amazon prime (supplemented by redbox movies for a buck) instead of netflix. Chromecast doesn't support amazon instant video and likely never will as it's a competitor to google.I want to be a huge fan of Hulu as it's a great step towards internet TV and ending the cable company monopoly but with their extremely limited TV library it simply doesn't make sense. After getting chromecast I signed up for Huluplus and spent some time going through their programming. On my DVR I have 103 series recordings set up. Of my 103 shows I watch, Hulu had 35 of them (that's under 34% of the shows I watch). Of that 35, 10 of the shows were what I would call "filler TV" that I really just have to have something on in the background while working on something else. I'm not talking about obscure TV for what's missing either. Hulu has only a small handful of programming from CBS, Comedy Central, AMC, TBS, TNT. And they're missing major titles from networks they claim they support. Walking Dead? Nope. Tosh.0. Not there. Bizarre Foods? The list goes on and on. It also bugs me you're forced to watch their commercials. Even for less than ten bucks a month for Hulu I'd still rather pony up the cash for a DVR through cable instead.Youtube is fun but watching 3 minute videos on a 60" TV gets old pretty quickly. When I feel like youtube on a big screen my 25' HDMI cable works instantly and 100% of the time. Needless to say, the HDMI cable also perfectly mirrors everything on my computer from pictures and home video to smooth HD video on the web without stumbling through clunky indie produced apps.Besides Netflix, Hulu and Youtube there are a handful of other supported services. For instance, if for some reason you want to listen to a podcast through your TV your podcast app is likely supported. Casting from the chrome web browser is a frustrating experience. Video played from the browser is extremely choppy, looks very low resolution and has severe audio sync issues even with 802.11n and 300mbps router. Some pages also didn't display properly and the several second lag between the computer and the TV rendered a wireless mouse and keyboard useless.If you already have an xbox360 or PS3 hooked up to your TV there's essentially nothing chromecast does that those two systems don't already do.I highly suggest an $8 25' HDMI cable (or a short HDMI cable and a wireless keyboard) over chromecast. As has been said many times before. There are lots of devices trying to bring your computer and web browser to your TV, unfortunately, none of them work nearly as well as an actual computer.All of the tech experts keep saying "It's GOING to be great once a few more apps become available and those apps are coming soon now that the SDK for developers is available!" It's been over a year and we're still waiting.Luckily I bought chromecast from a big box store so the return was easy. If it ever GETS great, I can always buy it again.
Works almost as advertised. There are some negatives/catches/hoops to jump through though to really get what you paid for with this thing. It works pretty good for youtube, netflix and google play pretty effortlessly but it relies too heavily on third party apps to include casting in their apps to make it work rather than just having it so it will cast any video played on your device. For example, when using safari web browser almost every video I ran into would play but when using the Galaxy Note 3's Facebook app NONE of the videos could be cast because Facebook doesn't write it into their app. Also I found it annoying that if you want to see your photo's on your tv you have to search around google play and find an app that will work with chromecast rather than it just working natively like most videos do. Also, and probably obviously, it won't play videos that aren't on the internet, meaning if you have videos on your phone they can't be sent to your tv with this device. Maybe there's an app for that but I haven't found it yet. The key here is that this isn't a "screen mirroring device" this is an "internet dongle" for playing internet content.It sets up super easy, automatically updates and works almost flawlessly. I waited to purchase this until Google claimed the new updated software included screen mirroring... Well... They lied, it doesn't do that, not at all, not even a little, so if that's what you want, buy the samsung screen mirroring device that's made for screen mirroring and costs twice as much, if you want to watch netflix, youtube, google play movies or music, or almost any video you can find using the chrome web browser, then this is the device for you. My main use is netflix so I'm happy with it to say the least.
I was really excited about this, mostly because of the cost.  I've gotten it to stream well, but had serious problems with everyday use.The good: Setup was really, really simple, and worked even though my router was supposedly not supported.  Streaming YouTube or Netflix from my laptop or Android phone works flawlessly.The bad: When streaming a tab directly, rather than something that works with one of the onboard apps (e.g., Hulu or any other non-app video source) it's easy to mess up the video sync.  The Chromecast is never in sync with the computer video, but usually adjusts the audio accordingly, so that what you watch on the TV is synced properly.  However, if you look at it funny, the audio gets out of sync and you have to reload the tab.  This is kind of annoying.The ugly: It is extremely difficult to get the Chromecast to wake up.  This issue is so annoying, and occurs so frequently, that it's really the only reason I gave it 3 stars instead of 5.  If I'm lucky, I can wake it up by starting a video in a tab and then cycling through the inputs on my TV until it decides to wake up.  If I'm not, I have to unplug it, restart it, and then start a video and cycle through continuously until it decides to cast.  Some research shows me that many, many users are having this problem, and the official line appears to be "check your router, reset, do a factory reset".  The fact that so many people are having this issue suggests that this is not a problem with my router, but since my router is not supported, it is possible that that's the root cause.  Still, I'm not encourage by the fact that this is such a widespread issue and doesn't seem to have been adequately address by product support.
I have been using my Chromecast since January of 2014 and I love it.  It is quick and easy to setup, and works with my phone and laptop (which runs Linux) nearly perfectly.  There have been a few hiccups with the casting feature with certain apps such as Youtube and Netflix.  These problems happen so infrequently that it does not affect my opinion of the device.The quality of the streams looks great as long as you have an adequate wifi connection.  It might be a drawback for some people that Chromecast only supports wifi, but it hasn’t affected me in any negative ways.  I personally only have a few gripes.1. Chromecast cannot draw power directly from the HDMI port in most cases.  It is necessary to attach usb cable into your TV or an outlet.2. The Netflix app does not yet support autoplay on Chromecast.3. You can easily transport the Chromecast between TVs on your network, but you must reset the device if you wish to use a different network.What really sets the Chromecast apart for me is its ability to stream local content to your TV right out of the box.  Using the Chrome browser you can open a limited number of file formats such as mp4.  This is already a great feature, but there are several ways to add extra support for file formats such as flv and avi.  Currently I am using a chrome extension called Videostream for Google Chromecast.  It allows you to stream nearly any file type directly to the device, and in my experience so far it works flawlessly.  There are other solutions to this issue.  I believe there is a divx plugin for Chrome that adds support to the browser for extra file types, however it was not straight forward for me to install on my Linux based laptop.I am so happy with the device that I am about to buy a second.  The price is right, and it goes above and beyond my expectations of a streaming device.
My Chromecast has replaced a combination of an Xbox 360 and a Mac Mini, in terms of streaming capabilities, and now instead of having to chase down a controller or a wireless mouse and keyboard whenever my wife and I want to watch something (bonus difficulty: a small child will have been playing in the living room, and is guaranteed to have moved everything lighter than the couch at least twice), we just pull out a smartphone or the iPad. It might not seem like a huge deal to save a minute or two of searching, but those minutes really add up over a week or month. Add that to the fact that, by the time you've finally gotten through your day and shepherded a child through the bedtime routine, a question as simple as, "Hey, have you seen the wireless mouse?" can be soul-shattering, and the Chromecast is suddenly worth its weight in gold.Setup was easy, using it is very straightforward, and it is supported by all the streaming options we have wanted to use. We have had our Chromecast for nearly a month, using it at least a few minutes of basically every day, and I am extremely happy with the purchase. This would be a great value at a significantly higher cost.There are a few small issues that annoy me, but none of them are major and they do not make me regret buying the Chromecast in any way:1) The screensaver has some text on it that doesn't move or change, making it not really a screensaver so much as a destroyer of plasma TVs. Turning the TV off when we are done streaming is a pretty easy solution to this problem, but it's sort of silly having a screensaver that is actually worse at saving my screen than if I were to just leave a video on loop. Word is that an update in the near future should allow for some sort of customization on the screensaver, which might fix this issue.2) Sometimes, during playback (it seems to happen mostly with the WatchESPN app) the casting app will lose contact with the Chromecast. Generally this isn't a huge problem as the video continues playing, but it means I have to toggle the cast button to regain control of playback. It's just as likely that the app is misbehaving, rather than the Chromecast, but I can't really say for sure and either way it's a minor annoyance.3) The setup, while easy, is not extremely flexible, in that you essentially pair your Chromecast with one wifi setup and then pair any devices you have (smartphones, tablets, etc.) to your Chromecast. This is perfectly fine on its own, but it presents a minor drawback. For example, if I bring my Chromecast to a friend's house, which is otherwise extremely convenient on account of it weighing like ten ounces, I have to do the full setup at their house, and then re-do it again when I go home, instead of being able to just add their wifi setup to a list like you would with your smartphone. This lack of roaming capability seems like more of an oversight than a technical hurdle, and could absolutely be fixed in an update, but I haven't read anything indicating it is being worked on.Again, these are all minor issues, and have not prevented me from loving my Chromecast. If you use YouTube, Hulu, HBOGo, WatchESPN, Netflix, or Plex on a regular basis, the only reason I could come up with for you to not get a Chromecast is that you do not have a TV.
This works well for Netflix, but getting it to work with Amazon Prime was annoying--had to sacrifice quality and disable "Silverlight" in Chrome. I read that it's because Amazon came out with their own device for streaming, so they made it more difficult for Chromecast to stream Amazon Prime content. Luckily, I watch Netflix 90% of the time, but if you're getting this primarily for Amazon Prime, I'd personally just get the Amazon device--it's 3x the price but at least you don't have to deal with the hassle.As for this device, it's also EXTREMELY annoying that you have to load an episode, pause it, then click the "Chromecast" icon--then wait for it to load on Chromecast! Maybe I'm missing something and adding an extra step for myself, but I don't think so--there's no way to select Chromecast before you click on the episode, so you have to wait for it to start, then select it, which causes it to start again. Just a few seconds in total but you have to do it for every episode so it gets old. Another annoying this is that Netflix doesn't automatically go to the next episode, as it usually does. And it'd be great if Google would make a remote controller for this--otherwise, you have to open up your laptop (if it's closed) to use the controls. Again, not a huge deal, but a remote would be ideal.But aside from these relatively minor grievances, I'm happy with this thing. It's pretty cheap--a lot cheaper than the Push2TV or the Amazon Fire TV or whatever it's called. This is easy to set up--took just a minute or two--and is an inexpensive way to stream content onto your TV.Looking back, I might have splurged on the Amazon device or on one of the others, just because I find it slightly cumbersome to load each episode twice before viewing it, and because of the Netflix next episode thing (it makes binge-watching shows a lot more fun). But if you're looking for a low-cost option for streaming to your TV, this is a great option.UPDATE: I ordered the Amazon Fire TV instead and returned the Chromecast. It was just too annoying trying to watch anything from Amazon Prime, and the whole double-loading thing was driving me crazy. I didn't realize until just now that you can use your smartphone as a remote for the Chromecast, which is great. But I'd still prefer a real remote and even though the FireTV is three time more expensive, I think it'll be worth it for me personally.
First of all, it is not a miracle device. What Chromecast does is to cast "cast-supported" apps from your smart phones, tablets, and stream media from your laptops and PCs to the TV on the same local network (LAN).Setup is easy and straight-forward. Connect Chromecast to your TV, download Chromecast apps from Google Play / iTune to your device, making sure Wifi-is on, setup Chromecast's Wifi connection via your mobile device, and it is done. Setup only needs to be done once. Other supported devices connected to the same local network will then all be able to use the same Chromecast.Now Google Play has a section dedicated to Chromecast compatible apps. For some reason, this section is only shown via Google Play app, not browser version, but going to chromcast.com/apps would also give you the list. Currently the selection is quite limited, with a great deal of them just variations of apps for streaming media from your local computers and media servers to Chromecast. Others like YouTube, Netflix, Hulu, and so on frequently requires paid subscription to truly make a difference.Basically, Chromecast combines your mobile device and TV into a fast-response SmartTV.The Touch-Ups which could potentially make Chromecast a perfect device:Currently, the only way to cast PC Desktop screens onto Chromecasted TV is to download the Google Chrome extension "Google Cast" by Google (sorry, mobile Google Chrome is currently not supported). It gives your the option to stream a dedicated browser Tab or cast the entire desktop screen. However, there are some flaws:1. In general, casting would mess up your Google Chrome "non-maxed" window size. It is a mild annoyance, but still annoying anyhow.2. Tab cast mode has no option to display mouse cursor. Not an issue for portable laptops, but a serious issue for a casting PC from another room.3. Desktop cast mode does display mouse cursor, but it could only cast the whole desktop. If you have a multiple monitor setup, it practically makes the cast useless.4. Neither Tab mode nor Desktop mode have build-in PC control mechanism. Although this could be easily fixed by using app such as "Unified Remote," it is still one extra step.*How 4. works, Google Cast to cast PC desktop + Unified Remote on your tablet/smart phone to control the PC -> result displays on TV**Better solution: Chomecast app integrates with Google Cast. It still needs PC, TV, and mobile device to work, but require one less app to install.If the above touch-ups could be implemented, Google Chromecast could be a potentially monopoly-accused TV casting device.
Hey all,This product is simply amazing! I've had it for a month now and it has lived up-to everything I expected.Pros of Chromecast:- Anyone on your Wifi network will be able to access the Chromecast and send things to share to- I set this up using my PC, but was able to use a Macbook Air, an iMac and Android and iPhones all on the networkAfter unpacking the box, you plug the Chromecast into an HDMI port on your TV/device (the package also contains an HDMI port extender if needed) and the USB wire for power (comes with an AC Wall Charger Adapter),You'll need the Google Chromecast software installed on your computer (https://cast.google.com/chromecast/setup/) and Google Chrome if you want to use the option to cast tabs.Pros of this method:- Quick easy way to share pictures, email tabs, Google Drive files, etc.Cons of this method:- I do not recommend sharing videos or streaming them through the Tab Casting on Google Chrome.The Chromecast is also optimized for certain apps such as Netflix, Plex, etc. You can find these apps at this link (http://www.google.com/intl/en_us/chrome/devices/chromecast/apps.html) For these, you have the option of sending the video or show you are streaming to the Chromecast, which then loads the video onto it's own software; this means you can turn off the device that started the stream (the iPhone, Laptop, etc).Pros of this method:- You can have HD Quality video streams without any lagging- You can turn off the device which started the stream- You can pick up the stream from another device in certain apps (such as Plex)Cons of this method:- You need access to an app which has the feature to send video to ChromecastOverall, I definitely recommend this product.Pair this with an app such as Plex (which I use to share my video files) or Netflix and you'll be able to access the Chromecast on multiple devices.Let me know if you have any questions and best of luck with your purchase!Best,Sadik
I was an early adopter of the Chromecast and snagged it about 3 weeks after it launched. I've spent over 6 months with it now, so am able to provide a comprehensive review of it.1. Installation of this could not be easier. If you have a flat screen tv (mine is from 2011) with an HDMI port in the back, you can set this up in less than 10 minutes. If you are an avid user of google products and have a google account, it will be even easier. I use gmail and android, so this was a piece of cake.2. The screensavers that display when the chromecast is not in use are beautiful. While this may not seem like a big deal, it's worth noting in comparison to Roku or blu ray players.3. This is great at a few things - not all things. Streaming Netflix is smooth and easy, and I really enjoy using my phone as a remote control. Even better, you can still use your phone while streaming through it, because the actual streaming is occurring over your wifi connection. Thus, using your smartphone to control and stream content has no impact on your phone's data or battery. Just make sure you have wifi on.4. This is also great at streaming YouTube - not surprising seeing as how Google owns YouTube. Pandora is also flawless.5. One thing that this is missing is the ability to stream Amazon Prime content. I understand why since Google and Amazon appear to be competing, especially with the launch of Fire TV, but it's a miss for me. I have to rely on my Roku for that.6. The Chromecast is exclusively for streaming third part content. As of now, you can't send your own video from your phone to the tv using Chromecast.Overall, this is an excellent choice if you are just looking for a simple and easy way to stream Netflix, YouTube, and Pandora from your smartphone to your tv, or from your computer and don't want to mess with an HDMI cable. There is potential that Chromcast could expand their capabilities and allow for more variety in streaming as well. You really can't find a better streaming device at this price point, so I would recommend this strongly as an entry level device or for a bedroom or guest room tv. I use this in the bedroom and leave my Roku and Blu Ray player in the living room.
I've wanted a Chromecast for a long time because I'm trying to break up with my very expensive cable tv package. BUT I needed to be able to watch sports. Enter various sports-streaming websites and the Chromecast, and everyone is happy.It's a little jerky sometimes (the picture, I mean), but it really is a good idea and a good product. I ended up having to get an HDMI pigtail in order to use the chromecast and my Roku, but it's worked like a champ.Edit: A few months after I got the Chromecast, I got a new wireless router. All of the rest of my devices (an android tablet, 2 laptops, a Roku, and my iPhone) have all synced and work just fine with the new router. But not the tempermental Chromecast. No matter what I've tried - and let me tell you, I've now been messing with this stupid thing for THREE HOURS - it won't connect to my network. The new router is on the list of devices which are compatible. It's the right MgHz, not dual band, all of the settings are as Chromecast tech support says they should be.-- And just as a side note, the fact that I had to check all of these settings makes this product completely useless for anyone who is not tech savvy. I'm not an expert by any means, and had to do plenty of googling to try to figure out how to access the settings for the router to double check that they are how Chromsecast says they need to be. For someone like my mom? That would never have happened. --So I checked everything and finally decided a factory re-set was in order. Just start from scratch, Kristen. Just start over. You screwed it up somewhere along the way, and now it's lost in it's own infinte loop, so just start over. But no. No indeed. Although I have followed the recommended procedure for doing a factory reset, recommended procedures from two other sites aside from the Chromecast forum, mind you, it still comes up as KKB's ChromeCast and won't connect.So, I'm finished with it and frankly, I'm more than a lot peeved about this. I can't return it, I've waded through many many pages of troubleshooting forums and no one seems to have an answer that actually makes it work. I'm now left with a $35 dongle, and I'm just glad the stupid thing was only $35.
I have been wanting a device like this one for years.  I have smart TVs in the livingroom and bedroom, but have never gotten around to wiring the ethernet cables.  I live in a very old house, so going under it is scary and dangerous, especially at my age.  Wiring through the attic would be difficult due to the layout of the house.  I was to the point of considering running the cables outside where they would be slightly visible.Happily Google came to my assistance and solved two of my problems with this one device.  I can now view my recorded movie files and Netflix, etc.  in the bedroom and use the smaller of our Samsung Tab 3 tablets as a remote.  In the bedroom before, I had to turn a light on to see some of the more complex remote operations and the remote on that particular TV is the type that if you punch a wrong button to pause or restart, it goes to live tv and you lose your place on the recording on the USB.  I doubt many people watch movies, etc from a USB stick, but I do, because I live in a very remote area and it's a miracle I even get live tv... ah well.  Anyhow, the Tab 3 makes its own light so that problem is solved as wellBut with the Tab 3, the Videostream app and the Chromecast dongle, I can watch movie files direct from my PC in 720p without bothering anyone else in the family who wants to use the internet.  Of course it does use the internet if I want to watch Netflix or its clones, so with only a 6Mb/s service some time sharing has to be done.Other members of the family that already bought Chromecast dongles report that it works fine for HBO GO, but not for Amazon or Dish Anywhere or Xfinity.  I'm sure one day those will be worked out but I don't use them anyway.
Honestly, I really didn't know what to expect.  I bought this for my parents who really wanted something for their HBOGo.  I mis-read and thought that it by default supported Amazon Prime also.Firstly - I'm not as overly impressed with streaming videos from my computer.  Maybe I'm doing some wrong, but I am streaming FROM Google Chrome and the picture just isn't as crisp and the resolution is a little off by default.  It streams MUCH better from my phone or tablet and is truthfully very impressive with fabulous resolution with both Netflix and HBOGo (those are the only services we've really used).Secondly, you can make Amazon prime videos work, but you have to do the workaround for it and its not all that great (Silverlight isn't compatible, you have to disable it....see Google for easy instructions).The set up is really pretty easy.  You do have to have it plugged into a power source, so make sure you have an extra outlet for that.  The app is really easy to install on your tablets and phones and easily integrates in the apps since it appears the apps are already setup to cast.  For instance, on Netflix, you literally tap on the little icon and select your casting device.Battery life on your casting devices? Surprisingly on my GS4 - I can cast an entire movie and it took up MAYBE 10% of my battery life.  I was still able to do whatever on my phone while it was casting with no problems.I would recommend this with reservations - for your main tv that you use with your children?  Probably go for the Roku because it has a remote and the easy access. My kiddos can easily maneuver a Roku, but I wouldn't want them messing with everything involved for this.  If its a secondary unit that isn't your primary source for tv entertainment or you're on a tight budget and don't mind?  Then this is for you.
This ^%$%^$ thing has absorbed days of my time without success - and if it does not work on it's own, there is nothign to do !  No support, no help.  My problem is trying to set up to show Netflix from my Samsung Galaxy Tab 3.0 tablet - I get error 16003 ... and that's it.  Have searched web, found a lot of similar complaints.  I have (as various sites recommended) reset, reinstalled, rebooted over and over, reset wireless modem - all without success.UPDATE:  I have now spent three full days getting this to work.  Netflix blames Samsung, Samsung blames Google, Google blames Verizon.  Verizon convinced me to install a new router ($99) - which took hours to install, and get the WiFi repeater working, and reset every tablet, laptop, desktop and Chromecast in the house ... still not worked.  Netflix says their engineers will call me back ...  Trying to talk with Google is like sending a note to Santa Clause - and Samsung said they have never heard of the problem. Netflix has heard of the problem, but if you cannot set the Date / Time settings on automatic, no idea what to do.So, what finally worked ?  I noted that my Samsung tablet internal time was off by 3 minutes.  I manually set the time to the time displayed on my Verizon DVR - and it all started to work.  So, three days of my time would have cost my clients ... well, a lot - and all that was needed was to set the time correctly on my WiFi only Galaxy Tab.I am going to leave this a "1".  It cost me $35 and thousands of dollars of my time.  I do wish I had never bought it.NEXT UPDATE: So, worked for awhile ... not now.  Bottom Line: Chromecast will not work reliably to cast Netflix from a Samsung Galaxy Tab 3.  So, I have spent now $170 on modems, repeaters, and Chromecast - and it wont work.
I've had the chrome for almost a year. First of all I got it to mainly watch netflix.Secondly, I thought "how cool is it that my TV has this sort of online access for that price" As soon as I got it, I started installing it in my room. It was real easy, understandable steps. Got the installation done in about 5 minutes. The size wasn't too bad but I have an LG tv mounted in the wall and the usb connection was not in an ideal place for the connection. Because the chrome isn't that big I was able to work with it.It worked fine for the first month. It had some loading issues but very rarely. I was happy.Then- out of nowhere I was having issues. Couldn't watch something  without it loading, pausing, freezing,stopping, and even disconnecting every minute. I called to see what could be done. They told me to basically reset everything and refresh and what not. It helped, but it didn't solve my problem.I tried it on my living room, connection was even worse!I decided to call again and this time they said that the chrome connection also depends on the type of wireless router box I had. They guided me to check the compatibility of my wifi and the chrome. Turns out that based on the wifi router the chrome needed to be within 12 ft of my wifi router.Our box is located in my sisters room and I decided to try it there.Connection improved and she has no issues with it AT ALL.I have to say I was upset upon resolving the issue because I got the device with the impression I would be able to use it on any tv in my apartment and it only works in ONE ROOM.I advice you, especially if you have wifi : PLEASE MAKE SURE THE CHROME WILL WORK FOR YOU ACCORDING TO YOUR WIFI CONNECTION/ROUTER. You don't want to get a device which later on won't work like you thought it would. I don't mind my sister keeping it but let's say I don't get to enjoy it as much. The 3 stars are for how well it works within the "perfect conditions". It doesn't get 5 stars because there are limitations to where and who will fully benefit from it.
Before you buy this product, its extremely important to understand what the Chromecast is and is not.  The marketing for this device is VERY misleading.  Most promotional material and retailers advertise the Chromecast as a way to "Stream videos and media from your smartphone, tablet, or laptop wireless to your HDTV."  A more accurate description would be "Stream videos and media from the Internet to your HDTV, and use your smartphone, tablet, or laptop as a media remote."  If you're looking for a screen mirroring device, DO NOT BUY THIS.The way the device works is that, during setup, it can make a direct connection with your smartphone or tablet so that you can set up a connection to your Wi-Fi home network (a requirement to use it).  After that, everything Chromecast plays on your TV streams directly from the Internet.  You can use your phone or tablet to control apps designed to work with it, such as Netflix, YouTube, Hulu, or anything else Google has so kindly decided to partner with.  However, your phone controls the service through the Internet, then the service controls the Chromecast.  You cannot directly stream media from your device to the Chromecast out of the box, which is more of a Google limitation than a hardware limitation since you can directly connect to the hardware during setup.What this device is designed to do, it does very well.  Basically you can turn any HDTV into a SmartTV, adding easy access to online media streaming services.  Streaming from these services is mostly just as smooth as if the apps were built directly into the TV, with the added convenience of using your phone, tablet, or laptop to control them.  If you already have a SmartTV with Netflix, YouTube, etc. then THIS DEVICE WILL SERVE NO PURPOSE FOR YOU.There are a couple of services you can use to try to stream media you have on your PC or other device to the Chromecast (i.e. Plex), but they have a myriad of problems such as lower screen resolution, playback freezing, sound sync issues, etc.  I spent hours trying to get it to work before I finally just returned the Chromecast for a refund.Your best bet is to hold out for a Miracast compatible dongle.  Some of these products are priced about the same, if not less than the Chromecast.  The only drawback to them is your phone, tablet, or PC must play the media and stream it directly, which will use your mobile device's battery power (an easy fix by plugging it in).  However, with Miracast you can display anything on your HDTV that displays on your mobile device.  The Chromecast is fine if you just want SmartTV app functionality, but its just too limited and useless if you already have a SmartTV.
I had originally purchased one of these for work where we now use it to drive a large 50" monitor in our lobby as a welcoming display.  It worked so well that I decided to get one for my home.  Plus I'm a gadget freak and couldn't pass it up for the price.There seems to be a lot of confusion about what this does and doesn't do.  Let me try to help the cause a bit here.  You connect this to one of your tv's HDMI inputs.  [To note, at home I have this connected through my Onkyo media system].  The device also requires power...here you have two options: 1) use the included power adapter and plug that into a standard 110v household outlet, 2) use one of the USB ports on your television (if so equipped) to power the unit.  The cable included with the Chromecast serves both options.Once connected and powered on, you switch your television's HMDI input to the one that has the Chromecast inserted.  You are guided through a series of very simple steps to configure the Chromecast to use your home WiFi and apply any updates that may be available.  Once configured, the device goes into a default mode which displays beautiful and interesting photographs from around the world some of which are quite breathtaking.  But of course, you're not buying one of these just to look at pretty pictures (or maybe you are :) )OK, so here's the long and the short of it: the Chromecast is a WiFi signal RECEIVER to which you SEND a signal from any device capable of running either Chrome browser or Chrome OS (read: Chromebook).  This includes tablets, phablets, phones, Windows laptops, etc etc etc.  There is a Chrome extension (or app depending on your device) that allows you to broadcast either the current Chrome tab OR your entire device's screen.If you can see and hear it on your device...you can see and hear it on the Chromecast (vis a vis your television).Overall, I have found the performance to be very good both at home and the one at work.  Depending on the speed/performance of your TRANSMITTING device, any WiFi issues, and the quality of the video/audio being sent to the Chromecast you may experience some stuttering or hesitation at times.  I have not found this to be a major drawback.So what are the uses?  Well, here's just a couple of examples from my experience.  As mentioned, at work it drives a customizable graphic display in our lobby (like you see in banks) which shows a series of slides about the company and any specific welcoming messages we may have for special guests.  At home, we use it to watch catch up's of our favorite TV shows that are available online.  I use (and love) my Chromebook [yes, using it now] and "broadcast" the tv show from the site on my Chromebook to our 60" television via the Chromecast connected through our Onkyo media system.  I am also able to use this configuration as an "external monitor" for my Chromebook such as when I'm doing research on ancestory.com.  By broadcasting to the 60" screen I am able to actually READ the fineprint of documents that are available online.Simply put, you can use it for just about anything.  More and more sites/apps are providing built-in support for the Chromecast (e.g. Netflix, youtube) which display the Chromecast icon which you just click on to begin broadcasting.For it's low cost and what I anticipate to be continual upgrades and improvements from Google, you really can't go wrong with this purchase.  Enjoy.
I was initially hesitant to purchase one of these since it seemed like a pointless device for me. I have a Netflix subscription and use Youtube quite frequently, but when I'm away, I can always pull that up on my phone to watch or plug in my laptop with an HDMI cable. For home use, I already have an Apple TV and the next gen consoles that could stream anything I desire. I had no need for a Chromecast.Well, I was recently in a situation where I wanted to pull up a Netflix show for a friend,  but did not have my laptop and could not feasibly watch it on my phone with another person. Suddenly, I saw the value of the Chromecast. I bought one the next day and tried it out. Within 20 minutes (there was an initial update to download), I was connected to my wireless network and could access netflix and youtube on my phone and cast to the Chromecast. Perfect! Now I can just keep this in my purse and pull it out when I need it.The really cool thing is it's ability to stream your own media.  Now this does take some setup, and unfortunately, file support is limited to MP4 and MKV with AAC audio, but once all your media is formatted for the Chromecast, you're golden! More information on file support is here: [...]First-off; you need to format your media. Handbrake will easily batch convert your files overnight while you sleep. For converting the audio in MKV files, MediaCoder works well. Just stream copy your video and convert the audio to AAC.Secondly, you need to get a casting app for your media. Allcast is $5, but will play your videos as long as they are on the proper format.I have a Synology NAS at home and using the DS File app, I can stream my properly formatted files from my phone with Allcast and have it playing on my Chromecast. I can also use the DS Video app and stream files directly to the Chromecast.Of course, if you don't have your own digital library, Netflix and other internet services work well. Unfortunately, Amazon Instant Video is not supported, and may never be, since Amazon is pushing their own devices now.There are a few drawbacks to the device. The most notable is that you must be connected to a wireless network that is configurable. This means that you can't use your chromecast on public wifi or a hotel, library or school. It would be nice if you could do an adhoc connection with your phone or computer to the chromecast to stream local media, but for now, that's not possible.As mentioned, the lack of file support is frustrating and if you want all of your media available to cast, it can be time-consuming to convert everything if you don't already have your media formatted correctly.There are still more potential with this device, but for $35, it's a great start.
I love this little thing. I love it so much, I bought one as a stocking stuffer for everyone in the family over last Xmas. By now everyone knows what this device does and doesn't do compared to the Rokus, Apple TVs and Fire TVs. For that reason, I will not get into an extensive comparison (but point out only major differentiators). My review is solely based on my experience with the Chromecast, devoid of any expectations set by its more expensive competitors.--------------The Good--------------Setup was a breezeThings you will need right away to set this up: A TV with HDMI-in, an extra power outlet near the TV or a USB port on the TV (to power the Chromecast) and a WiFi-enabled network (broadband preferred). If you have your Android or iOS device handy, download the Chromecast app - that's a huge plus. I plugged in the Chromecast into the TV, downloaded the Chromecast app onto my iPad and followed the on-screen instructions to set it up. I was up and running in less than 3 minutes.Size MattersThe Chromecast is as small as a USB thumb drive. It neatly hides behind our big screen TV. Plug it in and forget about it. You have one wire for powering the device, which can be plugged into any open USB ports on the TV itself or into a wall using the wall charger.Good hardware+good firmware = Good QualityPicture quality has been consistently top notch for me with a variety of apps. I mostly use the Youtube, Vevo, HBO, Netflix and Real Player Cloud apps and have never had any quality issues. A thing to note here, the quality of your network will have some bearing on the quality of your stream and thus the picture quality on the screen. We have a high speed FIOS connection and consistently get full HD picture.So easy a caveman could do itThis is by far the biggest reasons I rate this a 5-star. Just about everyone these days owns a smartphone or tablet. Launching apps, choosing videos and playing them on these devices is as easy as it has ever been. Casting a video (or other supported content) from a compatible app on your Android/iOS device only requires two additional steps -1) Switch your TV to the HDMI port where the Chromecast is connected2) Find the small Cast icon within the app and click it to send your Chromecast-supported content to the TV.Penny saved = Penny earnedThe Chromecast costs $35 retail and sometimes $28-$30 on sale at B&M; stores. That is a hard price to beat.No device discriminationWorks on iOS, Android and Windows apps (including desktop-based Chrome browser). Ok fine, they discriminated against the 12 Blackberry users out there. Google search tells me there are ways around that too.No perceivable battery drainSince the content isn't actually streaming from the device where the cast originated, there is no battery drain. Once the casting is initiated, you can even just turn off your Android/iOS device (you will need it for playback control, however)--------------The Bad--------------'App'sentWhile the number of apps supported is steadily growing, it has not exactly rained content. As of the writing of this review there are still only a handful of "officially supported" apps for Chromecast. It covers some of the bigger usecases for online media but clearly absent are apps like Amazon Instant/Prime Video, WatchESPN, TEDTalks, Slacker, iHeartRadio and others.* Some older reviews have pointed the lack of support for local media. This can now be fixed using apps like Real Player Cloud or Plex. Real Player Cloud is free (but has limited content playback support), Plex is a paid app but supports many channels in addition to local media files.BrowsercastI tried browser casting via the desktop Chrome browser a few times and found it buggy and eventually gave up. Also, it's not the most convenient mode of usage (for me anyway) unless you want to sit with your laptop by you for control while watching content on your TV. If and when Google decides to enable this feature for the mobile Chrome, I will be willing to give this another shot.Doesn't respond to Gary BuseyWe all know Gary Busey likes to speak to inanimate objects (re: Fire TV commercial). The chromecast doesn't have a remote nor any sort of interactive voice search/navigation ability. Personally, this doesn't bother me. I love using my touchscreen phone/tablet interface way better than using any lousy remote but this is a matter of personal taste and so some people may be put off by the lack of options. Gary Busey for one.------------------------------I hope this review helps the readers make an informed decision.
Our household purchased one of these the day they became available and we have yet to be disappointed.  We were so pleased that a few weeks later, we purchased a second one for our bedroom television.Here's the thing - my household is no stranger to tech - everything is "smart" - smart TV, smart blu-ray, PS3, PS4, Xbox, Wii, Tivo, the list goes on.  We have many options available to us if we want to watch, for example, Netflix.  The same is true of some DNLA media.What makes this different is, first, the price.  At $35 a pop ($25 if you happen to find a good sale), this is far and away the cheapest way to "upgrade" your aging television and bring it into the smart age.  For instance, although we do own a SmartTV, the second one is your basic HD flat panel, and not equipped with smart technology.  For people who do not have other "smart" tech available, or who cannot afford it, the chromecast can easily bring your television into this decade and allow them to watch content on their television, versus their computer (so long as they have a working wi-fi connection in their home).Second, there are few devices that stream various apps, like Netflix and HBO Go (previously only available for direct TV stream through an Xbox or Samsung television), so seamlessly and without stuttering.  My Tivo, for instance, hates Netflix for some reason, and it's so slow to load on that device that the frustration is not worth it.  I have found NO other devices that allow one to stream YouTube to your television with such precision and so easily.  Most devices allow you to log in, perhaps look at your subscriptions, but searching is a chore.  On the chromecast, you simply find a video you wish to watch (using your computer, tablet, phone, or any other android device) press the "cast" button, and you're done. Moreover, this device is still being developed and new apps become available all the time.Third, ease of use.  Extremely simple to set up and casting is a breeze.  It's as easy as pressing a button (for those apps and websites that are chromecast compatible).Fourth, DNLA.  The PS3 has long had DNLA capability (the ability to simply stream your own content to your television), but the PS4, as of this writing, does not.  Xbox has always been finicky with what it will allow you to stream, and other devices have issues because they do not always have the right video/audio codecs needed to translate your content.  Using the Chromecast, and the Plex app, DNLA streaming is a breeze.Fifth, portability.  It's about the size of a flash drive.  Simple to just unplug the device, take it to another room, and use it on another television.  When coupled with content (like your youtube subs, or media you have stored with Plex) stored in the cloud, it makes your media accessible virtually anywhere.It's not without it's problems, however.  Tab casting (using it to "cast" an entire Google Chrome browser tab to the television) is still very buggy and often crashes on my browser.  It's also slow and tends to have issues with video and audio sync.  Also, I have occasionally had issues where, when using an Android tablet to play youtube videos, the device will stop responding mid-video and just stop playing the content, forcing a reload of the app on my tablet.  (The latter problem seems to have been resolved).In all, I am confident that as the device continues to be developed, any major issues, like tab casting, will be resolved with time.  I can say, without hesitation, that this is one of the best, and most economical, tech purchases we have ever made.
Here's my take on this little wonder.  Think of it as a small smartphone, with the screen and all the other non-essentials ripped out.  What's left is a small System on a Chip that Google has managed to value engineer as an affordable add-on to your TV to make it "Smart".  I see it as Google TV version 2, with a much better value proposition.I now own two of these things, one in the living room and one in the bedroom.  Nowadays, when the adults or the kids browse through Youtube Video and find a longer video that they'd like to view on the big screen, they just cast it to the TV of their choice.  It wakes on the TV's on its own, and off it goes.Now that Google has opened up the Chromecast API, more and more streaming services are becoming available.  This is not a big deal to me, since the video game consoles also have these.  The biggest deal for me is the possibility with apps like AllCast, and the many others that are bound to follow suit - being able to easily choose and play anything you want to the screen of your choice.  This greatly simplifies the flow of your media browsing (now done on your personal screen of choice) - regardless of where your media may be stored, locally, on the network, or in the cloud.  Find it, play it wherever you have one of these plugged in.The concept isn't new and the device isn't flawless - I wish it was a bit faster in queuing media and playback, as there is a small 4-5 second delay from the moment of push to actual playback, but consider the price of entry, it is well worth it (At least compared to Apple's Airplay solution).Conclusion:Pro - Affordable/Low price of entry, rapidly expanding in features and value.Con: Can be a bit slow at times, no gigabit ethernet option as WiFi N 2.4ghz only can be limiting for 1080p, and just nitpicking here as I know this is a necessary evil: unless you have room behind your TV, the mess of cables (USB charging cable, HDMI extension cable) can be hard to hide behind a wall mounted TV.
I've been using my Chromecast for several months now. Initially I was very excited when I first set it up, but its limitations started showing up very quickly leading to disappointment and 'do I really need this?'. Now, it has its own niche place in my collection of media devices, where its very useful in specific situations.Pros:1. Very easy to set up. Its amazing how your phone can detect the Chromecast as soon as you plug it in, without the Chromecast needing your wifi password. I have no clue what kind of hackery makes this possible. My Sonos was similarly easy to set up, but Sonos requires at least one wired connection, so its not surprising. With the Chromecast, its magical.2. Unlike a popular misconception, you only need your phone to be on the same wifi signal as the Chromecast for the initial set up. After the initial setup, ANY device on the LAN can control the Chromecast. I have several routers and wireless bridges set up across my high-interference apartment with both 2.4GHz and 5GHz signals being broadcast. Only the Chromecast is connected to the 2.4GHz signal, yet all my computers, phones and tablets can control it.3. Casting Netflix and Youtube videos is really easy.4. The device takes up a very small footprint. This isn't such a big deal for me, but it could be for many minimalists.5. Its cheap!6. It takes advantage of CEC to control the device it is connected to. It can both turn on and change input on a CEC-enabled TV. In my case, I have it connected to a CEC-capable HDMI switch, so it cannot turn on my TV (which is desirable in my case, since I use a harmony remote and automatic power state changes can get my remote confused), but it can automatically change the input on the switch to itself, which is a great feature.7. Its always ready to go. Unlike my PS3, it doesn't require a 2-minute lead time to turn on and get to a video. Its also great to be able to calm down a toddler in the living room when you're not physically in the same room, since you always have your phone with you.8. My HDMI switch is connected to my SONOS Playbar, so this set up allows me to use the Chromecast as a youtube music player without turning on my TV or having to change inputs.9. Nice collection of rotating wallpapers when nothing is being played.10. Supports 5.1 sound output.Cons:1. The 2.4GHz-only limitation is a big limitation in high rise buildings. I had to move one of my routers right next to the Chromecast to get consistent, good-quality playback.2. Casting from an android device works most of the time, but casting from a chrome browser on a PC is hit-or-miss. I have a 60% success rate, so I rarely use it.3. Several workarounds exist to play local content, but the experience isn't great - playback is laggy, there are audio-video sync issues, etc. and its just not something you would rely on the device for unless you're in a pinch.4. Though you can cast anything from a chrome browser tab, there are too many limitations - it needs to keep playing on the browser in the PC, the experience can be a bit laggy, etc. Again, not something that works well enough to keep using.5. Most of the limitations stem from the fact that the device does not have Ethernet support, meaning the available clean bandwidth is severely limited.6. Google hasn't really been very aggressive in expanding the feature set or adding more content sources. This is really the challenge with Google. The company suffers from an attention deficit disorder and you never know if a product or service they offer will be expanded or not.Right now I have the following media sources in my living room:TV: LG 55LM8600. Its a smart TV but I do not use the smart features since audio out is only stereo. However I do use the iMediaShare android app to play camera videos on my phone directly to the TV.HDMI Switch: Monoprice 4x1 HDMI switch with SPDIF output. I use this because my Sonos Playbar only supports SPDIF input and the SPDIF output from my TV is stereo-only.Controller: Harmony One RemoteAudio: SONOS Playbar + SUB. Apart from being my home theater, it also plays all the local audio stored on PCs on my LAN. Also use it for radio and Pandora. It also allows my Chromecast to be used as a youtube audio player.Media players:1- PS3. Main source for Netflix and Amazon VOD. It is wired to my FIOS router, so playback quality is always consistently good.2- Chromecast. Mainly used as a youtube video/audio player. Used for Netflix if in a different room and need to calm down someone in the living room.3- PC. Connected via HDMI as an extended display. Use 'universal remote' android app to play locally stored videos or view livestream events.4- FiOS Set-top box. TV!Overall, the Chromecast is a great addition to your Living room setup provided you are aware of its limitations and do not expect it to be the be-all and end-all media player for all your needs.
I am a college professor, and I bought this for one primary purpose: to cast presentations on my Chromebook to a classroom projector. And for that, it works quite well. (I can't guarantee it will work with all projector systems, but it works well with mine.) Of course, I also use my Chromecast with increasing frequency to stream video to my tv with Netflix, Youtube, and, yes, even Amazon Prime (through my web browser). Set up is incredibly easy, the device is small and portable, and it is a great way to increase the capability of your tv.BUT, there are some limitations that potential customers need to be aware of (ones that I wish I knew before getting the device).-- First, the device cannot recognize more than one wi-fi network. That means that if you go to a friend's house to use your Chromecast (or in my case, go from using it at home to using it at work), you will have to physically reset the device each time you change networks. Not a huge deal - just a matter of pressing a button down and going through a few minute set-up process. But it is at least a bit of a pain.-- Second, as a frequent traveler, I was excited to use this at hotels. Problem is that Chromecast cannot access the kind of wi-fi most hotels use (the kind where you log in through a "Welcome" screen). To use Chromecast in a hotel, you basically lhave to find another wi-fi source besides the hotel's (i.e., a phone hot-spot).Third, depending on your internet speed (mine is relatively slow to average) , you might have to trade-off between choppy video playback and lower quality resolution. That is, the Chromecast allows you to choose what resolution (great, good, medium) you want for video playback, and the lower your resolution, the less choppy the streaming. So, it may well be a trade-off.Honestly, none of these problems are huge problems, which is why I still give the device four stars. The first two have workarounds, and the third is tolerable. And considering all that this small and inexpensive device allows you to do, I think the benefits outweigh the limitations.
I'll first admit that, though I'm usually pretty tech savvy, I didn't initially realize that Chromecast does literally nothing on its own - it needs a device to stream to it (your phone, PC, tablet, etc).  I got over this pretty quickly because once "casting" to the Chromecast, battery life on one's device isn't impacted as terribly as I initially expected. Still, I made sure to place charging cables near my comfiest movie-watching-chairs.That aside, we quickly found performance to be a real problem. After a chunk of time watching Netflix, the stream would start to stutter continuously or until the audio and video were completely de-synced.  This happened about 50% of the time while the Chromecast and connected device were less than fifteen feet from the router.  Stopping and re-initializing the stream did nothing to solve the problem, but merely delay it another few minutes.Then, after the most recent Chromecast update (writing this as of 5/7/2014), our ability to stream Plex (the sole purpose we didn't return it after the Netflix issues popped up) was completely obliterated by freezing issues that would happen every six-to-eight seconds and last about ten seconds each - a buffering that would never quite buffer, if you will.A good number of web-dwelling trolls would point to network signal strength or the ability of one's PC to transcode properly (Chromecast will only watch one format - it's everything else's job to transcode properly to that format, leaving lots of places for various updates to break things down), however neither were true culprits.  More likely, as some diligent users discovered, the problem was caused by Chromecast firmware updates rolled out universally for the European hardware release - they appear to have made it decidedly more difficult to work with AES network encryption.  Well, the router provided by my ISP has three options: AES, AES + TKIP, and none.  Therefore, if I want my network encrypted, AES has to be enabled one way or another.I give the Chromecast two stars for being somewhat useful and doing the job of more expensive devices in a cheaper way (provided you have a smartphone, tablet, or PC, ya' caveman), but it did neither of the things I needed it to do (advertised features, no less) in an acceptable way.  With the addition of apparently rolling out an update that worsened performance for many (only Apple is afforded the luxury of being allowed to ruin their customers' devices), I decided it had to go back.To put it simply, it doesn't do what it says it does.  Not for me. :-\
There is so much great info out there about the Chromecast that if you're here reading this, theres probably little I can add, so I thought I would take this time to clarify some things that people commonly ask.Yes, this needs an external USB power source.  This seems to be a point of contention for some people.  This is a mini computer with a CPU, internal Wi-Fi controller and antenna, and the necessary video hardware to output 1080p video.  10, or even 5 years ago, to have a device that could do everything the Chromecast does, youd need a much larger box with an external power supply.  The fact that Google was able to cram all this hardware into such a small package is amazing.  I think the reason people are so surprised that this needs power is because of how small it is.  People look at it and think that since it looks like a thumb-drive, that it must work like a thumb-drive, when in reality, thats not true at all.When you plug in a Chromecast, you are plugging in a hi-tech mini computer into the HDMI port of your PC.  It needs power to work.The second point of contention that some people don't seem to like is that you must use a smartphone (or PC) to control it.  No, there is not a remote.  This isnt designed to be used with a remote.  If you want a standalone device that has a nice remote control, get a Roku or any one of the other dozen or so media players out there.The Chromecast doesn't have the app availability as other media players like the Roku, thats because this device is best used as a companion to your smartphone or PC.  Since its release, the amount of apps that work with it have more than tripled, but even still there are many that don't support it.You really should do research about what the Chromecast can and more importantly CAN'T do before purchasing it.  Its not for everyone.  If you want something for your parents to stream Hulu and Netflix without any fuss and works without any setup, this probably isn't a good device for them.But if you are a little tech saavy and use many media apps on your smartphone and want a cool way to display your media on your TV, this is a great device!  I use mine primarily for Plex and YouTube.  Its nice to be able to queue up a bunch of funny videos, Russian dash cam videos, and music videos and just let a playlist play.Overall, I am extremely happy with my Chromecast and can't wait to see what Google will come up with next!
After buying a Nexus 7 (2013) tablet, I was intrigued at what the combo of the tablet + Google's Chromecast would give me. At just $35 it was easy to buy for the sake of experimentation. Setup took but 5 minutes - plug-in the Chromecast to the back of my HDTV, connect the power cable, and Chromecast is ready to connect to the tablet. The only thing I wasn't so thrilled about was how every Chromecast advertisement shows the Chromecast connected to the TV with no cables - yet in order for it to function you need to provide it with a power source, either by luck of having a USB power source on your TV, cable box, or other nearby device - or by using the included AC adaptor and USB cable. Connecting the Chromecast to my tablet (as well as my iPhone) was simple and easy thanks to the on-screen instructions.Edited: With no included remote, controlling media is strictly done through your outboard device (after installing the free Chromecast app). Watching YouTube and Netflix is as simple as firing up the app, picking a video, and tapping the "Cast" button to send it to the Chromecast. Once the Chromecast takes over getting the feed, you can put the outboard device away... that is, until it's time to play something else. Even something simple like pausing or rewinding part of the video for a replay means that you always have to have your outboard device handy; this isn't instantaneous either, since doing so requires you to first get your outboard device out of sleep mode (and/or passcode unlock it if you use security) then go to the app that is streaming to the Chromecast - before you can do anything with the currently playing video - at least that's how it was with my iPhone 5, and my Nexus Tablet. When in the lockscreen, I had no controls on my phone, and in Netflix my tablet only gave me a pause button.The other available source to cast from is your desktop computer; with Chrome browser and the Chromecast extenion installed, getting media to the Chromecast works the same way - it will "cast" the current browser tab to your TV screen. However, I did notice that even with my relatively new PC, playback was not as smooth as I had hoped. Many times the video/audio was either jittery or out of sync. Also, while i didn't notice any weird playback when using my iPhone or Nexus 7 tablet, when using my PC the PC itself would use a lot of resources, and any change in network activity (even something as simple as checking my email) would affect the cast and playback would suffer.Also, your WiFi connection is extremely important, given that the Chromecast relies on WiFi as its only means of data transmission. With my WiFi router in the same room as the Chromecast, I didn't notice any lag or playback issues. However, when I moved the Chromecast to the living room TV, playback was hit or miss depending on the app I was using and the quality of the video I was playing.Edited: App-wise, the Chromecast has a very short useful lineup compared to other streaming devices like the Apple TV or a Roku. Examples of services that I personally like to use that are not supported (yet) include NBAtv and Amazon Instant video. Sure, I could use the tabcast feature from my browser, but I already covered how that isn't that great of an experience. And as a commenter mentioned, technically there are "over 250" Chromecast-compatible apps on the market, but after browsing the list IMO many of them are more of the utility-type with no actual content (look at photos from your device on your TV), and others are not really useful per se, but more like "just because we figured out how to get it on the TV" - for example, I don't think I'm going to go through the whole process of turning on my tv and getting Chromecast fired up simply to... write a text message on my TV. Or play 2048. Or read tweets. It's also a sign that development for useful (as in entertaining) content is still in its infancy considering the fact that the actual Google Chromecast website only list 17 of these "over 250" apps that actually are worth using. Not surprisingly, the Chromecast works best with Google Movies, Google TV, and Google Music. I'm sure they are good services, but I'm already a paid subscriber to Spotify and iTunes Match - so those Google services are realistically only useful to me IF I'm already using those services. That's like saying an AppleTV is great because it's the only device to support iCloud and iTunes Match... which is fine, but again - only if you already use iCould and iTunes Match.Added: The Chromecast can turn on your HDTV and switch it to the correct HDMI input if yout TV supports "HDMI-CEC." It's a nice bonus - but only IF your tv supports it, which mine does not. Even if it did, that would be only 1/2 the job since I still would have to turn on my home theater's A/V receiver for audio. As is, no points gained or lost there =)All in all, at $35 the Chromecast is an ok purchase for someone who likes gadgets and wants to get some content from their tablet/phone to their TV. Yet for all of the potential that Chromecast has, the available apps list needs more useful, entertainment-providing content. For me, at $35 it's worth keeping just to see how far the little guy goes. I'm a gadget guy; I'm ok with it. If the Chromecast cost $50 or more I'm pretty sure I would have  returned it to try the Roku Stick instead, which seems to have more of what I was expecting to get from the Chromecast in the first place.
We recently setup a small TV in our kitchen so we could watch TV while preparing big meals (and while cleaning up after having guests over for big meals).  We watch almost all of our TV shows via streaming services (Hulu, Netflix, Amazon...) so we wanted something that would cover a lot of the streaming services we use (note: we use the Chromecast for Netflix and Hulu, at the time of writing an Amazon streaming video app is not available for Chromecast).  We also wanted a device that would be inexpensive, not take up a lot of space, and easy to use while making meals or cleaning up.The Chromecast was an excellent surprise.  I must admit to being a bit skeptical due to its low price.  However once I got it hooked up I was impressed with both the quality of the video and how easy it was to use.  The convenience of controlling it with my phone is really nice, especially since my phone is always in my pocket.  I don't have to try to find the remote while I'm cooking or cleaning, I can just grab my phone out of my pocket, pick a show, and put it back in my pocket.  For the price I haven't found anything that beats this.  We are even considering getting one for our main TV just for the convenience of being able to switch from the Kitchen to the Livingroom without having to boot up a different device and find the show.I do have a few minor issues with the device.  One is that sometimes my phone doesn't stay in sync with Chromecast.  I'll start a show and need to pause it and find that I have to fiddle around with it a bit before the two talk to each-other again.  The other minor issue is that since the TV sits in a tight space next to the microwave, we have found that when we use the microwave it can interfere with the wireless.  This could be solved by using the extension cable and positioning the Chromecast further away from the microwave, but it is very infrequent that it gets in the way, so I haven't bothered to try.Overall it is a great device, I'm very pleased with it.
I think that most people reviewing this item haven't owned it for very long and assume that the frequent behavioral glitches will go away.  They won't.  This thing is very unreliable.Sometimes I can sit down, queue up a movie or video with Chromecast, and watch it through, without a problem.  It's sad that I feel lucky when I have that experience.  Just as often, it fails to connect up to begin with.  I have great Internet service and wireless system (get reliable 35 Gb download over wireless).  All of my other devices connect up just fine, including an ancient Wii.  It often fixes things to physically reboot the Chromecast by disconnecting and reconnecting power.  About once every couple weeks it just will not connect up (even after rebooting, restoring factory resets and setting it up again from scratch) to the same network that is uses the other 95% of the time and I have to give up on using Chromecast that day (and my other devices, including my Chromecast controlling device connect up just fine).The Netflix movie selection apps and movie play controllers are horrible.  They should have taken the trouble to make user interfaces or HUDs that display on the TV, because cell phones and small tablets are too small (the touch screens) for the interfaces provided.  Responsiveness is terrible.  You can never stop or pause where you want to because it takes about 5 to 30 seconds for the system to react... unless there has been a total disconnect and the movie continues playing along no matter what you do.  The slider on the progress meter has resolution that would be laughed at in any computer application.  For a 1:40 movie, the resolution of the slider is about 6 minute increments.  If you slide it to a smaller increment than that it will just ignore your gesture.If you have a big-screen controller (supported table or whatever) and don't ever rewind, this could be a good product for you, if only it worked reliably.  I would much rather use my feature-challenged and kindergarten-style-UI Wii than this, because I can count on it that the Wii will play my movie through and respond to my commands.
...so the Chromecast isn't great. It does a good job connecting to Youtube when controlled by my iPhone 5. There are times when I open the Youtube app and Chromecast doesn't show up as an option for playback. If I close and reopen the app, it usually shows up as an option that time. The Youtube app is pretty responsive as far as pausing and playing, but it can be awkward.Netflix of late has been absolutely dreadful. Titles that load fine on my computer are met with a "Netflix is unable to play this title at this time" error message when I try to use my iPhone 5 to play them on my Chromecast. The Netflix web site on my iMac now includes a "cast this" option when playing back a video, but the video wouldn't load on my TV. If I used the "cast this tab" option from the Chrome browser, that worked until I switched it to full screen and my TV went blank. Making the window smaller on my iMac brought the video back to my TV, but not the audio.This could be an isolated incident, but even when Netflix playback works well, the interface between phone and TV is awkward because when I wake up my phone and go to Netflix while a video is playing the app doesn't display the play/pause screen. Instead it goes back to showing My List or something and I have to touch the top bar to get back to the play/pause screen.The bottom line is that Chromecast is just clunky to use. If you want to play in the Google sandbox and you are reasonably adept at dealing with electronics, you'll get along okay but be prepared for frustration at least occasionally if not on a regular basis. I don't recommend it at all to anyone else. I think I'll try the Roku stick next.p.s. If you're setting up Chromecast from a Mac, you need to be logged into the Mac as an admin.
I bought the Chromecast to use with Amazon Prime TV shows.  Be warned that there are lots of problems streaming Prime -- pink screen, breaking up, halting, stalling -- HOWEVER, most of those issues are a function of our less than ideal Internet access.  I think the device is mostly working like it is supposed to, it just didn't work well for what I wanted it for.  Had I read the info on it before I bought it, I might have reconsidered the purchase -- not because it doesn't work, but because it doesn't work well for what I want to use it for.We live in the country, so our options for Internet access are limited.  We use Dish.net (related to Hughes.net), and while it is much better than the previous satellite and wireless providers we have used, it is still minimal for streaming video.  In addition, we have a 10 gb limit per month, so any video I stream has to be during the off hours (when we get an additional 10 gb a month bonus).  I watch lots of Prime between 6 a.m. and 8 a.m.  Breakup of signal is less significant on the small screen of my computer than it is on the big screen of the TV, so the problem is inherent with any streaming.The pink screen thing (while using Chrome browser) is a deal killer for me.  There was a workaround (open the beta function of showing the whole screen instead of the Chrome window) that pretty much works, but according to other reviewers, it is a fairly new problem that needs to be addressed.My HD tv doesn't have a USB port, so I wasn't able to plug the Chromecast power cable into the TV, but I had to plug it into an electrical plug meaning that it was turned on all the time.  I personally object to anything that has to be ON all the time.  I also had the feeling that it was constantly accessing the wireless router for updates and images -- a deal when you are on metered Internet.If i decide to stream video to the TV again, I'll just use the hdmi port on my laptop or get a micro usb to HDMI device for the Galaxy Tab 10.On the up side, it streamed video (files on the tablet)  from my tablet beautifully using a free app from the google play store.  Since that is what my daughter wants to use it for (along with Netflix which I don't have for obvious reasons), I passed the device on to her.  If she has any further input, I'll update the review.
I am not a developer. I am not an own all the movies and music in the "cloud" person.I already have wifi dvd players on my too many TVs, so I can watch Netflix and YouTube whenever I want to.I bought the Chromecast sort of impulsively. I thought I would be able to see things on my chrome browser on the TV.Well, no, it won't do that from one of my tablets or my phone. You have to have a laptop for that. Even then, I don't think you can view just what you see on the chrome browser on the TV.You see the people in the demos laptop on lap, picture on the laptop and the same picture on the TV. Redundant. But fun? They look amazed.You have to download applications to your device, to "cast" to the TV. The "apps" are hard to distinguish at the play store.There's even "an app for that". Someone's app tries to sort out the Chromecast apps for you.If you subscribe to HBO, or some other paid video services you can cast them to your TV. But I guess that means someone else's TV cause you already can see them on your TV, Or can you buy HBO without the cable company? That might be cool.With the Chromecast you get to see your home photos and videos on the big screen.So now your relatives can make you see their selfie,,vacations, and kids parties in 60" HD.Yikes.So, like the Google Fiber that will someday maybe come to my house, Google has this neat idea that is waiting for someone else to do something smart with.OKIt was $35 worth of fun to set it up. I had to remember my password to the wifi. That was a good thing.YouTube is beautiful through it. From the dvd it is hard to use and looks bad.Wait,Wait.Could those smart Google people be thinking of the future and the Chromcast will transfer my long awaited Google Fiber TV to more than  the  one TV box that comes with the deal?Dream on hopeful dreamer.
I gave this device four stars because day-to-day workings and app selection need improvement, but make no mistake - I love this thing.  I just bought my third one yesterday to put on a house television.  I thought this device might be a game changer when Google announced it last summer (almost in passing) and it has proven to be.  I think it is no accident that the newer version of the Roku streaming stick no longer requires an MHL connection to work, the price has dropped substantially, and the 1200 available channels through Roku are mentioned loudly and often in ads and other comparisons.Here is what I love about this little device:It is unobtrusive and can be powered either by a wall outlet or a USB port (most newer tvs have the USB port these days).  It is wicked easy to set up.  When I visit distant family or friends, I can bring my Chromecast so I can share or watch my media content over whatever else might be available.Some reviewers of Chromecast have complained that there is no remote.  I think that is one of the great advantages of this device.  I am tired of having to keep track of remotes.  I love that my smartphone or tablet (one of which is always nearby) can be used to choose, and otherwise control, my program and then that smartphone or tablet is available for other tasks.  That is brilliant - and along with the all-inclusive price of $35 - simply an amazing deal.  I get most of my streaming content through either Google Play movies or Netflix.  As far as I know, the only way to watch Google Play media on a tv screen is with Chromecast.  It's also great to be able to "cast" Internet content to a tv with Chromecast -  another great innovation.  Yet another nice touch is the revolving set of pretty photographs that scroll on the hdmi input screen that Chromecast occupies - much more preferable to just a black or blue screen.Here is what needs improving about Chromecast:The minimalist engagement required to set this device up is great until something goes wrong.  The only indication is the "absence" of the Chromecast icon.  The icon's absence is easy to miss.  I missed it just last night when I wanted to watch "The Fifth Estate" on my tv.  Chromecast could do a better job of holding onto the wi-fi signal.  Its hold on a wifi network seems to degrade over time - especially if there is a period of weeks between uses.  The "help" documentation doesn't really help, as the only way I have found to fix the situation is to reset my router.  I shouldn't have to do that to get Chromecast to reconnect to my wi-fi network.  Chromecast can also lose its connection to a program while it is playing.  There have been times when I get a program to play on my tv, but it is also playing on my tablet - and always at a different point in the program.  That's not supposed to happen, but it does, once in awhile.I don't think Chromecast needs to connect to 1200 applications, the way Roku does, to be successful.  It's not the number of channels, it's the quality of channels or apps that is important.  Being able to use Chromecast for Google Play media, You Tube, Hulu Plus, Pocket Casts and HBO Go makes the device useful to me.  But I would like to see Chromecast apps for Starz and Showtime and even Amazon Prime (ok, Amazon Prime is not likely, but I can hope, right??).  I think Google could add partnerships at a faster clip and be more aggressive about getting compatible apps developed for premium channels like Epix and Starz.And another thing -  Google can do a much better job of keeping the list of compatible apps up to date.  For example.  Pocket Casts is my go to podcast app and it is compatible with Chromecast.  But it is not included in the list of Chromecast apps on Google's own website.  Tsk, tsk, Google!Anyway, I think Chromecast is an amazing piece of engineering innovation, but that said, it still is a work-in-progress.  That's why I gave it four stars instead of five.  I hope Google continues to invest its considerable resources into Chromecast development.  I could pay for and be happy with a Roku media streaming stick, but I would rather pay for and be amazed by the (almost) awesome Chromecast.
I was dragging my foot about buying a Chromecast device simply because I own a Roku 3, Apple TV and a Blu-ray player with apps. But when I was going on a road trip and wanted to have my Hulu Plus, Netflix, and YouTube available to share with others on a bigger screen, the Chromecast seemed like the perfect solution.I managed to get it for under thirty bucks which made me happy, but was disappointed that Amazon Instant Video support is lacking with the device. Even so, the price and functionality on multiple TVs seemed worth it to me.Used with my Chromebook, these are the 10 Things I discovered, using the Google Chromecast:1. Installation is a breeze if the Wi-Fi network you are using is a good one.2. The Chrome browser extension is easier than the iPhone app to use. (I had issues with getting the app to connect with the Chromecast when using my iPhone, but not with the Chromebook and another Windows laptop.)3. Video streaming lags at times (not on the device you're streaming from, but on the larger screen connected to the Chromecast) producing choppy video quality on the HDTV.4. Downloaded videos stream better to the Chromecast than live streaming from the web.5. Having access to Hulu Plus, Netflix, and You Tube via the internet, and being able to mirror them on the big screen is pretty cool!  Especially since this will work with any HDTV with a HDMI port, versus with the much more expensive Apple TV casting only from iOS devices.6. I really miss having Amazon Instant Video!7. The Chromecast is easy to setup, use and is so highly portable, I can see where it would be a great gift for guys and gals who are 12 to 25. (And those of us who are gadget geeks and just need more of them.)8. Chromecast will not replace my Roku in my daily use, as the streaming quality isn't as good and it lacks Amazon's connection.9. Chromecast has a cheap price, but it's quality built!10. While Chromecast won't replace my other streaming devices in this cord cutter's home (I don't have cable TV), it's a great gadget to throw into my laptop bag to bring with me on the road or to use to share projects at work.After using the Chromecast device I wrote a book - Simple Guide to Over-the-Air Free TV, which mentions Chromecast as one way to enhance over-the-air FREE TV programming options for folks who drop cable or satellite TV.Overall, this is a great gadget that I hope will just continue to improve. In the next version of the device, I hope they add Amazon functionality and improve the iOS app. Either way, I'd say 'buy it' if you simply want to mirror your laptop onto a larger screen and do it wirelessly. Sharing streaming content is just the icing on the cake.
First I would like to mention that the chromecast is very easy to setup, the WiFi connection is strong and I have never had it drop on me.It is great for Netflix and watching Youtube. The real strength however, lies within the open SDK now....more apps are starting to develop for functionality with the Chromecast, and my experience with it although limited has been great.I was originally considering purchasing a small Intel NUC PC or Gigabyte Brix PC (which would have ran me easily $500-$600+). My only goal was to be able to play movies that I have downloaded onto my TV. My laptop has an HDMI input but it is getting old and I also like to use it while I watch movies.Then a friend recommended I get a Chromecast and use the beta Plex app. He showed me how it worked and I was awestruck, not only by how well it worked but also by how much money I could save!  ~30 dollars for a Chromecast and ~5 dollars for the Plex app. I simply setup the media server (which is very simple to do BTW) on my Desktop PC in my bedroom and then showed the media server where I keep all of my movies on my Desktop.The app works flawlessly, it always connects to the PC instantaneously....it pulls metadata for all of my movies automatically( movie name, cover art, synopsis, runtime, language, format etc) and with the Chromecast beam button it simply plays on my TV. Hassle free and cable free, this is the future of media sharing folks. I believe there is even a functionality where you can share media with friends if there server is up...but I haven't tried that yet.In sum, the Chromecast works as advertised. The Cheap price, Open SDK and easy installation make it a no brainer in my opinion. I highly recommend this product and the Plex App, I am really looking forward to what new functionality other apps will build into the Chromecast!TL;DR - This thing is dope, it turns your dumb TV into a highly customizeable one. The cheap price and perfect connectivity make it a steal at this price!
I really am pleased with this product.  I did a lot of reasch before I bought this product.  I read the customer reviews and it worried me a bit but I took the chance and I must say I was surprised with this product.  I dont think people where giving it a good review because it was a little confusing setting it up. It was easy putting it together.  However i had a hard time figuring out how to get it on line. The only thing I think you need to say bring your tablet or phone to the room put it in front of the tv you have it install these two programs and it will do the rest.  Other than that it its a wonderful product. You dont have to redownload the programs like hulu and netflix. You just have to touch the little wifi button it will ask you tablet or bedroom.  Then you choose what you want. It also has a volume control too for ur tv its really neat. I have only had it for a couple of days and im very happy with my purchase. I have brighthouse 60. It takes a minute to download the program the it plays as long my itnernet is up it works great no lagging buffering nothing!! Works like ur watching regular tv. My hubby loves it cause he use to stay up till 2 in the morning watching netflix in the living room. Now I can get him to bed sooner. My computer is in the living room chromecast is in the bedroom.  I can set up a movie on my tablet anywhere in the house and it will still load on the tv in the bedroom. Then I can continue to play my games or whatever I want to do on my tablet while the movie is still play. The only thing i wish they would do is when ur watcing a series is to make it play the next episode so I dont have to click on it maybe they will figure out how to do that! If you need a wifi for ur tv this is the one to get,  but u must have a smart phone or tablet to operate the product. Maybe one day theyll figure out how to control it from the puter or make a remote for it? Who knows anything is possible. Great product....WONT BE SORRY FOR YOUR PURCHASE...
I bought Chromecast after seeing advertisements on television. "This," said I, "is what we need.  No more HDMI cables hanging from the TV. No more embarrassing I-have-to-hook-up-the-laptop-to-watch-internet-content.  I MUST HAVE IT!"  I imagined a TV infomercial where in the before picture, a television had a virtual nest of cables hanging down, some of them arcing electricity and smoke coming from the whole thing.  "Do you have trouble hooking your television up to watch internet?" they'd ask in a voiceover.  Then a scene of someone trying to plug in an HDMI cable and continuously fumbling it, then injuring their thumb and looking very cross, as the voiceover continues, "Tired of plugging things in and injuring yourself?" Oh, this was a made-for-tv commercial if I ever saw one."What's that, hon?" said my wife.Well, once I described it to her, she said, "let's get it."It arrived in a little white and silver box, and inside was nestled a big, matte black HDMI Chromecast.  It had a power connection, and I plugged it into the HDMI port on my television.  I was able to download the app to run the thing and quickly configured it.  I named it "Igor," because it was similar in function to that worthy from the Young Frankenstein. "Eeegor", not "eye-gor," of course.  And I noted that I could run it from any device which was using my dlink router, including my PC (a cable connection), or laptop.  I began to go down the list of stuff we could watch on it:1. youtube.  Hurrah!  Of course, I can watch youtube from my DVD player.  So... it's not really useful for that.2. Netflix!  Well, here's something.  But wait! I can also watch netflix from my DVD player.3. Um.... Hulu plus!!! Having recently kicked out the cable company, we subscribed to hulu plus.  Now we could watch it on the television using chromecast.[cue needle across record noise, which nobody under 30 really understands the meaning any more.]I pull up hulu plus, and there's no little tab thing to send it to Chromecast.  I hunt around for an answer.  Obviously, it's just another doodad app I need to download, right?Nope.It seems there IS a function for running Hulu plus from your smart phone.  But what if I don't have a smart phone, or want to stream it from my computer?  Did you guess where this was going, reader?  Yes.  It's true.  It couldn't do the ONE thing I wanted it to do.  Now, you can "cast" a tab of Google, but as some other wise 1 star review pointed out, this is a kludge solution and it isn't the kind of quality I desire.  The idea is to use the devices I currently own to supplant the cost of having cable.I tried to make it work.  I looked around and haunted all the app developer places.  In fact, the app developers began to shout and stamp their feet when they'd see me about, sometimes they'd throw a beer bottle at me. "Get out of here! We don't have your Chrome apps!"  they'd yell, and I'd cower behind a fire escape and wonder why I'd bought the Chromecast in the first place.  Oh yeah... for Hulu Plus.So, I'm lighter the $6.00 Amazon return fee, and that'll teach me to read much, much more carefully.So, if you're the type who has a smart phone, and you want to cast from that, why, this might be the very product you were looking for.Me, I bought a ROKU.  Guess what it's doing right now? Did you say "streaming hulu plus in glorious splashes of color"? 'Cause you'd be right. And what else does it have? A remote.  A remote with joker purple buttons.  And a button for Amazon instant video, and so on and so forth.  (Did I mention that Chromecast can't stream Amazon instant video? I didn't? Well, it can't.) But I digress. The point is, for $19 more, the Roku has much better functionality.Farewell Chromecast. It wasn't meant to be.
If you want to watch Netflix on your tv but don't want to spend a bunch of money on a smart tv or smart dvd player then this is the device for you. It's a tiny device, the size of your finger, that plugs into the hdmi port of your tv and is powered using a usb device. I have mine plugged into my tv so it's only on when the tv is on. Setting up the device takes 30 seconds max. All you need to do is power on the device and visit the specified website with your computer or mobile device to set it up. Music is easily streamed using googles music app which is useful if all you have is a tv nearby to play some music. Video's from Netflix play flawlessly when the cast option in the Netflix app actually shows. Must of the time I have to go through the trouble of resetting my router, phone and chrome cast to have the cast button show up. Casting from the actually chrome browser is very sluggish. scrolling is not smooth at all and if you want to watch a video forget it. There are some great apps slowly appearing due to the sdk being available but it is still going to take some time for many apps to start appearing. One useful one called video stream was a savior which allowed to stream movies and photos flawlessly which is why I'm giving it 4 stars rather than 3. My biggest disappointment was when i found out that amazon prime video was not compatible with the chrome cast.Currently the chrome cast is useful for those wanting an easy way to watch netflix, play music, stream videos and pictures as well as play a couple of games. At the current price of $35 i would recommend it although it has gone down to $30 at some point and students receive an extra $5 off (not sure if the promotion is still running) which can lower it to as much as $25. At that price it is worth it just to have one around, especially with all the new apps which we should hopefully start seeing to appear soon
While there are a few drawbacks, it is very easy to look past them when one considers the price of this device.Pros:-Easy to setup, move around, and even take to other locations-No external power necessary if your TV has a USB port-Numerous awesome apps already support this device (Netflix, Plex, Pandora, etc..), and more and more apps are adopting support for it.-Apps stream content directly to the chromecast, the "remote" that started the stream is not needed to continue the stream. Example: One can start a Netflix stream on your phone, and turn the phone off, and Netflix will continue to play. This is a big benefit (over the Apple TV) because it does not stream through one's phone and chew through the phone's battery life.I don't know if these should be considered cons, or a wish list of features, but here is what I would change:-Add a dedicated audio output to this device. It would be nice to be able to stream Pandora to this device and not need to have my TV on to do so. This isn't an issue for those who have an AV receiver with HDMI, but I do not.-Support multiple wireless networks. I took this device to a relatives house, set it up there, and when I returned home I had to reconfigure it on my network. It would make traveling with this device easier if one could bring it back home and have it automatically reconnect to the home network after being on another wifi network.-Wired networking. I am all for technology progressing and improving, and have nothing against wifi, but wired networking would be nice to have. It would make the device bigger, but could easily be done in a size similar to the Apple TV.In summary, I am very happy with this device, especially considering the value one gets for the small investment. I would happily pay more for a device that fulfilled my wish list (as I wouldn't expect it to be the same price), but this device does a great job at what it is designed for and meant to do.
Okay - I got rid of my HT-PC thinking that I could replace it with a linux running on Intel's new NUC. It's a fancy unit at a cost around $220.When I did that, I thought a linux box would serve these needs:1) Play media files on my Synology NAS2) Netflix3) Amazon Instant Videos4) HBO GOThose are all the things you can do on a Mac, Windows PC, an Android phone or tablet, iPhone, iPad, or even Amazon Kindle HD at $130. But to work with a TV in the living room? Below were my trade study options.Option 1: Roku familyRoku provides an excellent experience for 2) and 3). But 4) is impossible for Comcast users and 1) is a bit flaky. I have a Roku 3 serving on another room but I do have different needs with emphasis on 1). So drop Roku.Option 2: Amazon Fire TVThis new player on the streamer market gets attention with voice command that works - that works so perfectly to promote Amazon Video sales (or prime membership). This would work fantastically for 3) by its nature. It will work of course on par with Roku on 2). But it would fail on 1) and 4), though with Kindle Fire HD, there's some workarounds.Option 3: Apple TVWhen I buy media contents, I buy from Amazon. Sorry Apple. I am a continuous customer of macbooks and iphones. Hang in there buddy, and produce something better for streaming solutions.Option 4: Chromebox by ASUSI almost bought this one since it would be a perfect replacement of PC and a much better one than a linux box since there will be no discrimination from Netflix and Amazon Instant Video. Except... you won't be able to access anything other than web. Especially your contents on NAS. Move on.Option 5: NUC hackintoshYou can build one today (apr '14) under $300 with 120GB mSata SSD, 2GB memory, Gigabit ethernet through thunderbolt which is sufficient for this purpose. I sold my HT PC to get rid of hassle not to make more. Moving on.Option 6: Mac MiniSeriously, used mac for $400 without SSD? A new one at $600 plus tax but still no SSD?Option 7: Back to PCVarious options from Lenovo, ASUS, and Acer. Very tempting at around $300 including Windows 7. Solve all the issuesOption 8: A linux net topLinux is discriminated because it's so easy for genius hackers to hack a thing on DRM. Amazon and Netflix both hates Linux. Though XBMC is making it very attractive for the needs 1)And.. finallyOption 9: ChromecastI got enough devices in the house that can be used as DRM authenticator, search interface, and the remote controller for the playback. Kindle Fire HD, iphone.Chromecast is a good solution for 2) and 4). 3) seems to be impossible. 1) is limited when you do it through DLNA on NAS which means you need to be picky on the formats.-----So I tried Option 8 and 9 at the cost of $200 + $30 (the former was a NUC plus SSD, the latter was the price for a chromecast). As a result of disappointing performance, the NUC is returned. Yes I tried hard with pipelight and all good things. I don't like it when software can't use the full potential of the hardware.Now the Chromecast experience was smooth.1) Synology NAS can do DLNA for limited formats but it does well when it does. Can anything fling it to Chromecast? Yes. I have donated my bloody couple of dollars on Avia player to run on my kindle fire HD, and it's paying off now. Avia player simply shows the connect button for Chromecast which makes things very intuitive. Even when my iphone was playing the Pandora, it can steal the connection from it and Avia takes over.2) Netflix on iphone works as advertised.3) Amazon decidedly do not support Chromecast. This will have to be handled separately.4) HBO GO. Brilliantly works on iphone.These all works without adding more hassle or a remote controller laying around. Also those mobile devices do not seem to drain battery for this. Playing Pandora from iphone was very seamless as a bonus. Now since Spotify is lagging on this, should I switch to Google Music?It was a surprise to me that Google figured all this out. The four components of streaming box: Discovery of contents, DRM, controller, and streaming decoder. Chromecast takes the decoder part only and communicates with apps to integrate DRM and controller actions. Apps do a better job with their keyboards than any remote controller for discovery of contents.I am consuming more contents from Amazon video market so Fire TV seems to be inevitable.Overall I like what Chromecast does - but still sometimes I wish there was a dedicated remote to show the remaining time on the screen, control the volume, and pause/play quickly. An optional remote at $10. Can't you Google?
I have several set top boxes and got the Chromecast last December. I bought it when the price was only $30 so I ended up eventually getting a second one for my upstairs TV as well the downstairs one for my home theater system.The key with Chromecast is simplicity. It is small device that is easy to transport and take with you and easy to hook-up as well. You plug it into a free HDMI port on your TV or A/V receiver. I have it hooked to my A/V receiver downstairs and direct to my TV HDMI upstairs. The upstairs unit I use with the included AC adapter,  the downstairs one is plugged into a USB port on my A/V receiver that powers it. Once this is done you control everything through either a mobile device or a computer. The interface is completely driven by installed apps or websites on the internet that have a casting icon option.Compared to other boxes the ease of use and speed is generally pretty good. Your smartphone or tablet is much more powerful hardware wise then most set top boxes so you can browse faster. Searching is also easier as you are using a mobile device keyboard instead of the typical remote control selection process. Mobile device keyboards also work well with voice search so that saves you having to type anything. I always have either my Galaxy S4 phone or Ipad tablet near me all the time and being able to use this without having to hunt for another remote or keep an extra one around is nice.Content wise Chromecast is getting much better then when I bought it. Chromecast has most of the stuff that I want to watch including Netflix, Hulu Plus, YouTube, HBO Go, and Vudu.  It would be nice to have an Amazon Prime Instant video app that would cast. The YouTube experience is the best of any other set top box because you can create live playlists of content. This means you can cast one video and while it is playing you can add more videos to a live playlist that will play one video after another on your TV. To add to this anyone with a YouTube app on a mobile device can add to this existing playlist without interrupting any of the content playing on the TV.Sound and picture quality wise Chromecast is as good if not better then any other devices I have used. With the HDMI going into my receiver I get Dolby Digital Plus content when it is available on Netflix, Google Play movies, and Vudu. HBO Go is lacking Dolby Digital which is a miss since it plays with Dolby Digital on other devices. Picture quality wise I have always been impressed with Chromecast especially on Netflix. I noticed some nice film grain on several films and the device holds the Super HD resolution without any drop offs during broadcast. This will depend on your internet speed but it works quite well in my home.When you combine features with the price point and value I give this 5 stars. If it were a $100 box like Fire TV I would not give it as a high a number. Fire TV is however worth the $100 in my opinion for its extra features and it can also cast content to YouTube like Chromecast. If you want an inexpensive set top box solution however Chromecast is still a great solution. If you do not like or use mobile devices though I would not recommend it. If you do then it is a unique and fun experience for a great value.
Let's start by talking about the competition.  Roku has 100's of channels where you can browse content right on the device and play what you want.  Apple TV does the same but also lets you transfer what you are playing on another device to your TV.  That includes not only streaming content but also photos, music and videos that are on the device itself.  Even some games have AirPlay support, letting you play them on your TV, in high def with full motion video.In comparison, Chromecast doesn't have any "channels."  It only plays content that you "cast" from a small number of apps that support it.  And for the most part, it's only capable of playing what it can stream straight from the internet, not the device you are using to control it.  For example, Google's own Play Music app can play MP3's that I loaded onto my Nexus 7 but it won't cast them.  "Unable to play the song.  Can't play a sideloaded song remotely."  I'm not sure if that's a legal/licensing limitation or a technical one but from what I've seen on the developer site (I'm an Android software developer,) Chromecast just really isn't made to have much content sent to it from the controlling device.  Even casting a browser tab in Chrome is pretty sluggish and unresponsive.Chromecast is like an AppleTV that only does AirPlay... poorly... and with a small set of apps.  It's really only good for one thing - transferring a YouTube video from your phone to your TV, so you don't have to go and find it on your PS3 or Roku or Apple TV or whatever.  Sure, Chromecasts are cheap.  But is the novelty even worth the price tag?  Personally, if I weren't also looking into the software development aspect of the Chromecast, I would want my $30 back.
I bought the Chromecast when it was a few bucks off list price last week. So far, I'm not blown away by its capabilities or features, however, it does fill a niche void that I didn't realize was there. The setup was painless, and how it interacts with my phone and the phones apps is pretty seamless. I've only tested it with Netflix thus far, and the streaming frame rates definitely don't *look* 1080p, even though it assures me they are. Call me dubious. Another annoyance is when I start to 'cast a Netflix stream to my TV, it seems that I have to press "play" through the Netflix App, then again from the pull=up/pull-down Chromecast menu. This happens irregardless of whether I click the Chromecast button first, or last. Could just be a quirk with my phone (Samsung Note 3).Disclaimer: all of my TV's are dumb. However, they all have a Windows PC attached to them with full keyboards and mice in tow. We recently put a TV into our workout room, and decided against a full fledged "smart tv", for various reasons. I also didn't want to deal with another PC in that area. Because of that, I was cross shopping this and a Roku Streaming Stick (2014 - HDMI), when i decided to just pull the trigger when the Chromecast was on sale. After all, it was only thirty bucks...not exactly a big leap (not that it was at $35 either...).Although, I haven't tried the Roku stick yet, I'm pretty confident that we'll end up moving on to something with build-in apps and a dedicated remote. The need to have your device with you at all times to make changes, is a little iffy given our situation. The fact that you'll be drawing power from your phones battery, and fairly quickly in my case, leaves a little to be desired. Sure, I could plug in the phone at the same time, but that takes away from the convenience.With that said, I wont be returning the Chromecast. I could definitely see it being useful while on trips to the in-laws, or while on a business trip. In any case, definitely worth the low cost of entry, and it will be even more so once developers take advantage of the API.
Chromecast by Google is the cheapest and simplest way to put internet based streaming content on your big screen TV.Included in the package is a HDMI stick, a USB power cable of sizable length, an AC adapter, and an HDMI-elbow cable. The packaging is excellent and I like the extras they included just to be sure you'll be ready to set up right out of the box. The device itself will be completely hidden behind your television even if you use a side HDMI port. You also need a home wireless network and a reliable broadband connection (but everyone has that).Set-up is simple. Just plug everything in, switch to the correct input, then download and run the Chromecast app or go to [...] on your chrome browser. Connect Chromecast and your Android/chrome device to the same  2.4ghz wireless network and you're done.The Chromecast itself seems to do almost nothing. There is no interface and no way to input commands into the device. It just relays a signal to your television (basically).The next step is getting the apps. If you're on an Android device, go to the Play Store, select Shop apps, then swipe over to categories and select Chromecast at the top. This page is home to the full list of Chromecast officially supported apps. This list can also be found here: [...]All your interactions will be with your smartphone, tablet, or PC. Your results may vary depending on the device you're using. You're going to be searching content, "switching channels" (moving between apps), and controlling playback all from your device. I was using an HTC One M8 and found everything to be very snappy and smooth. Whatever it's like browsing for content to stream on your device, that experience will be identical using Chromecast.That list is everything. If it's not an app there, you're not getting it on your TV. This means no Xfinity TV Go, no Amazon Instant Video, no live sports, no Shotime. If you browse over to Roku you can see just how much more they offer in terms of content. It makes Chromecast look quite sparse. What Chromecast needs more than anything else is more app support. Still, it  gets all the major streaming services (Pandora, Netflix, Hulu+, HBOGo), and Plex (at least for me) rules over all.Once you pick something to watch, your device's job is done. Everything else is handled by the Chromecast itself. This frees you to do whatever you would like with your device, even turn it off or get in your car and drive down the street with it. You won't be using any battery life or processing power. Once the stream has started, it will play until the end as long as you have internet.I find the two screen experience very enjoyable. Chromecast let's your TV do what it was made to do: VIDEO PLAYBACK!! Menus, icons, and on-screen keyboards belong off your main screen so your fancy LED 70" display is free to do its job.I can be watching a movie and see an actress who's really great, then search for other movies she has been in and have them ready to cast without interrupting playback. If you wanted to explain it to Grandpa: it's your TV guide and remote controller combined and there's no schedule.Multiple people can search Youtube on their smartphone for music videos and cast them out to shared TV Queue that plays automatically. It's like a free music video jukebox that you can use from across the room.Chromecast creates a 'shared' watching experience. I can pull up some old George Carlin stand up then my friend can remember another funny standup then add a specific video to the queue and while that plays I can look up Dogma on Netflix and cast that out. The screen real estate is all video playback expect for brief loading/buffering screens when switching apps.Google's Play Music and Play Movies are also available if you have purchased or downloaded any content from those store fronts. AllCast can be used to stream local content off of your phone. (paid app). Plex is just the best. The Android app is $.99 cents on Amazon. It runs a server off of your home PC to share video and more. I loaded up 23 seasons of the simpsons and about ten 1080p video files now everything is available to stream on my local wireless network. Very cool, very cheap, and very easy to set up. Everything looks spectacular, you can set it up at [...]One of the issues is that the experience seems to vary on an app by app basis. Some apps don't allow for queueing and won't automatically play the next episode. So after every episode on an Archer marathon on Netflix you're going to have to pull out your phone, open the app, and select the next episode. On HBOGo I'm only given Play/Pause, and an inaccurate scroll bar. No fast forward or rewind?? Huh?? I'd like to have more complete control of playback with fast forward, rewind, slo mo, 30 second skip, etc. It needs to be there for all playback.What the Chromecast can't do is cast. . .Chrome. At least not yet. In order to stream from Chrome you have to download the Google Cast Extension and select your Chromecast device to cast to. We're kindly reminded that this usage is still a "BETA" feature so your results may vary. I've heard the latency isn't the greatest and other issues can arise. I never had any studdering or latency, but I wasn't able to stream some content. If it's not an approved/licensesd app you're not going to get playback on your TV. For example, Amazon Instant Video always appears blacked out and I suspect that WatchESPN and the rest will have similar results.I used mine on a 42" 1080p vizio television. Playback from Netflix,Hulu+, Plex, HBO Go always appeared 1080p quality with no artifacting, stuttering, lag, etc. If your internet speed and wireless signal strength are at least above average you should be fine.At $30 the value here is incredible.  (I personally bought mine at Best Buy for $35). The market for this type of device is getting more and more crowded with the release of Amazon's FireTV and the announcement for Android TV. In addition to the already popular Roku line. I really hope Google figures out a way to support AndroidTV and Chromecast together. I've never used any of the other devices, but from what I can tell they offer a more stand-alone experience at three times the cost.My only experience is with the PS4 and their small suite of streaming apps. Overall it's a nice, kind of exactly what you expect it to be like on a gaming console, but Chromecast is better due to the fact that I can search for content on other apps without pausing current playback and I don't have to wait for the hardware to boot up. I will still be using the PS4 for live sports and Amazon Instant Video, but for day to day streaming it's all Chromecast now.The $90 tier of devices also offer some gaming options. Why anyone would want mobile gaming on their big screen tv is beyond me. I think it's a way to sell more Angry Birds. Even if you're not gaming on the latest PS4/XONE there's so many better options. Pull some old Nintendo cartridges, maybe some Playstation 2. There's just so many options for a home gaming console to be spending time with mobile games.As for the multi-screen experience, Chromecast is the best option HANDS DOWN. Amazon's FireTV also requires you to buy into their FireHDX tablet. Apple requires an iPad or iPhone. And Roku only offers limited multi screen usage. Chromecast supports the widest range of devices so it's very likely that whatever tablet/smartphone you currently own will make an excellent remote/guide for your Chromecast experience. And the same goes for any guests who might be over. Why buy more hardware when you don't have to? Maybe if you don't own a tablet/smartphone or don't want to use it to control your television the Roku3 may be a better option.Bottom line: buy a Chromecast today, then write a letter to Google demanding more app support. $30 and you get Netflix, HBOGO,Pandora,HULU+, and Plex on your TV. That's worth the price of admission right there.  4 stars for lack of app support and full playback control.
I recently purchased my fourth Chromecast - this one dedicated entirely to streaming music  - and thought I would update my review to reflect some of the lesser known capabilities of the device which are either new or I just don't see mentioned much in the reviews.First of all, few reviewers seem to be aware of the tidal wave of new chromecast-ready apps that have become available in the Play Store since Google opened the SDK earlier this year. Go to the apps store and search for "chromecast". There are over 250 currently. There are some really interesting new ones including Allcast, Spoticast, Videostream, Photowall for Chromecast and others.The list of streaming movie and video providers has also grown. Besides Netflix, Hulu, YouTube and Google Play Movies you can now get Vudu, Redbox Instant, HBO Go, MLB TV, Washington Post TV, Redbull TV, Crackle and others. There is no dedicated Amazon Prime app, and probably never will be, but you can still watch Prime content from a browser window. In my case Amazon's protectionist policies have just driven me to use Google Movies, Netflix, Vudu and other sources more than Amazon Prime. I also have a Roku if I really feel the need need to watch a free Amazon title in HD 1080p, but I seldom do.There are a couple of useful hardware capabilities I rarely see mentioned in these reviews. One is that Chromecast will turn on a CEC-compliant television and switch it to the appropriate HDMI input when you stream content to it. It saves you from first having to set up the television using a different remote. The second is using voice search to find content within the various apps. Netflix, Google Movies, Youtube, Vudu and others currently support this. It seems to work flawlessly and Google's voice recognition technology is among the best. I've not checked to see if this capability is available on iOS devices as well.I've seen some complain that Chromecast lacks a remote. I see it differently. Any smartphone, tablet or PC can be a remote, and they are FAR more capable in what they can do than a dedicated remote. For example - you can search for and review content while something else is playing, you can continue viewing or listening to content on your mobile device when you leave the house, you can control Chromecasts in every room of the house with one device and multiple people can queue up content to play on a single HDTV or audio system. Fewer remotes also means less electronic clutter to deal with. Most people have a smartphone or tablet on hand these days and don't really care for a drawer full of remotes as well.And speaking of clutter, not having an old-school set top box, power brick and HDMI cabling also helps. Especially useful for wall mounted televisions. This thing hides away inconspicuously on the back of the HDTV or receiver. It can also be easily carried when traveling.In my opinion the place where Chromecast really shines above all other competitors is in music streaming. And not just because it offers more streaming apps (currently Google Play Music, Pandora, Spotify, Rdio, Songza, Beats Music, Vevo) than the others. One of the reasons is that it is so well integrated with Google Play Music, which I find I like better than iTunes in almost every way. GPM effortlessly imported my entire iTunes library and local music into the Google Cloud (up to 20,000 songs free) where it can cast my playlists or its own created from my library to any Chromecast in the house at a high quality bit rate. You can also subscribe to Google's 20-million plus song library for a monthly fee.But what makes it an even greater wireless music device is the the cost and form factor. With a $29.99 - $35 Chromecast and a <$10 adapter (to output the audio channel) any powered speaker system can be converted into Sonos-like high quality wireless speaker system. Great for extension speakers on the back patio or in rooms other than where the HDTVs are located. It will also plug directly into any audio receiver with HDMI input(s). I expect this will put a serious dent in Sonos' sales unless they find a way to incorporate it.Those are my thoughts for now - until I discover some new capabilities which seem to be growing continually. I'm hoping that Google will release a Chromecast-2 one of these days that supports the 802.11ac WiFi protocol among other enhancements, and hoping they don't try to emulate the over-priced set top boxes on the market.
This amazing little product is great. You just plug it into your TV's HDMI and USB port (it comes with a separate USB to regular socket coverter, in case your TV doesn't have USB ports), breeze through the setup (you can do it from your phone/tablet or computer) and you're good to go. Right now you can use it mostly for Netflix and Youtube, but with the fast increase in support from various other companies, everything looks very promising. I personally use it whenever I'm browsing on my phone and come upon a Youtube video, I just turn on the TV (the device turns itself on automatically with your TV if you have it plugged in to your TV's USB port, but if you connect it to a wall socket, it will always stay on I think), change the input, and in a few seconds I am watching the video on the TV instead of my phone. Very convenient. Also, once the initial setup is done, you can plug it into any other TV's in your house and it will work. Amazing!I have tested it with Android and iOS phones and tablets and it works on both. Whenever I have people over, anyone can stream content to it by just logging into my local network and downloading the free app on their phones, so if someone is all "Have you seen this video on Youtube?", they can easily show it to everyone on the TV. It's extremely easy; if someone is streaming something and another person wants to stream something else, they just do, without having to manually stop the first stream or log on to anything or whatever (as long as they are on your local wireless network). Like I said, right now you can use it for Youtube, Netflix, Google Play Music and whatever you can open on a Chrome tab on your computer, but every day there is more support and new apps compatible with this device.The best part: THE PRICE!
What can I say about the Chromecast that you don't already know or have read in another review?  Hmmm, let's see.  Well, first of all, the price, form factor, and ease of use can't be beat.  However, as an iOS user, there's definitely room to grow.  At least Google did the smart thing and made sure their device works on all platforms, not just Android, but I can't help but think that it's not getting the app support that it really needs.To me, every single application, and yes, even iOS (despite their pushing of Airplay and the much more expensive Apple TV) should support the ChromeCast.  There should be a way to just have that cast icon pop up all over the place.  Alas, on my iPhone, there's only a few places I get the benefit - Netflix, YouTube...Maybe an occasional other video app or two.  But honestly I think I've only used this thing with those two apps so far.  So, if you're someone who uses Netflix and YouTube a lot, and tends to always pull stuff up on your phone or tablet, and then wants to show it off to the room, I can see how this would be a fun device.When company is over, and we want to share a funny YouTube clip or allow others, this device has been a lot of fun there.  Anyone who logs into your wifi network can cast up from their device, making it sort of an interactive experience.  This has been one of my favorite features of the device, and one I didn't even think I'd use much.Finally, and this was a surprise, I love the HDMI-CEC that steals the input when I start casting.  If I had to manually switch to the TV input this device was plugged into every time I wanted to use it, I'd use it a LOT less.  The fact that casting automatically switches the input (because my AVR and TV support it), it's way sleek.  Something I had no idea was possible before I bought this, but something I really love now that I have.For the cash, I'm glad I bought this thing -- But I'd probably have been a lot happier if it was even 10 bucks cheaper.
After years of struggling to get traction with Google TV, Google finally found its living-room hit: the remarkably priced $35 Chromecast.Google's streaming stick has been an instant hit and although it was rather limited at launch, the Chromecast has steadily improved, adding Hulu Plus, Pandora, Google Music, Plex, Vevo, and HBO Go since its debut. That's in addition to Netflix, YouTube and Google Movies & TV, making it a basic, but competent streamer -- especially for the price.However, the recent improvements still don't make the Chromecast my favorite budget streaming-video device. The Roku LT ($50) is just $15 more and offers up hundreds more channels, including prominent services like Amazon Instant, MLB.TV, Rdio, PBS, Vudu, Watch ESPN, and Watch Disney. Roku also has other niceties such as excellent cross-platform search and a true onscreen interface, which some will prefer over the Chromecast's smartphone/tablet-only control. It doesn't have the Chromecast's awesome-sounding screen-mirroring capability, but that feature doesn't work all that well in practice. The Chromecast is sure to catch up, especially with the recent release of the Google Cast Software Development Kit, but at the moment Roku still has the lead.The GoodThe Google Chromecast is a dirt-cheap wireless video dongle that streams Netflix, YouTube, Pandora, Google Music, Google Movies & TV, and HBO Go to your TV using Android or iOS tablets as remotes. Its small size hides neatly behind your TV and makes it easy to take with you when traveling.The BadThe beta screen-mirroring feature won't work as well as you want it to, so you're largely limited to the supported apps. The lack of a dedicated remote also means you always need a smartphone or tablet nearby. And for $15 more, you can get a Roku box with many more channels and an onscreen interface for a more traditional TV experience.The BottomLine Google's $35 Chromecast stick is a cheap and easy way to add streaming video and music to your TV, but it still isn't as fully featured as similarly priced Roku boxes.
I had high expectations of the Google Chromecast, but what a failure in my situation.  Additional applications required (download & pay for quality video app)Setup:Samsung HD TVSamsung Note 3 8" TabletNewly purchased Google ChormecastI plugged in the Chromecast into my TV HDMI and using the USB for power I also attached the USB to my TV's USB input.  The device immediately came up on my TV which was nice.  I then downloaded the Chromecast app on my tablet.  I went through the sync between the device and my tablet, connection to the internet, and update for Chromecast.  Once all of that was done (about 10 minutes), I was connected and good to go.The Chromecast device and app do nothing more than stream data from your tablet, phone, or pc to your TV.  That is all.  There is no additional function.  So this device is essentially duplicating what Samsung is doing on their new TV's, what Dish does with their Hopper, and Samsung does with Allcast (which also sucks).In order to use this device, you need to utilize applications on your tablet.  Here is where the massive disappointment comes in.  So Youtube and Netflix work, but if you are like me and store video on your tablet for travel, it will be a bit more of a challenge.  You will need to BUY another software that works with Chromecast.  I tried one of the ones Google Chromecast recommended.  No luck.  I spent $4.99 on the app which just offered movies for purchase (like every other app out there).  My current MX player which is awesome, didn't work with Chromecast.  Anyways this Plex app (or whatever it was called) could not find my video on the device.  In fact after going through everything, there was not even a location to do this.  The Sync option is just for online content that would download to your device (lame).  Fortunately, this plex app offered a refund which I took.Long story short, Google should have included a video and song player in their app.  Why would they require me to purchase another app to use their device for video...silly.  I already have Netflix and Youtube on my TV and DVD player.  Why would I want another device that requires me to tie up my tablet to achieve the same function.  It really does not hold up to what it looks like it does in the advertising.  Hopefully, Goggle will make some adjustments.
I love this little dongle. I also really love saying "dongle." Try it: "Dongle." Wasn't that fun? You know what else is fun? Sending stuff from your phone or computer to your TV without cables or wonky smart TV apps!I haven't used this dongle much with my PC, as you need to leave whatever you're watching open in full-screen, so you aren't able to use other programs. You also can't use the Chromecast dongle to turn your TV into a second monitor, or at least not into a good one. The dongle is meant to stream media, not magnify your Word document; it will be much more delayed than you'd probably like.I use the dongle almost entirely with my iPhone. Some of the apps I have on my phone (YouTube, Pandora, Netflix, etc.) are already set up to cast to the dongle, and more apps are adding this feature all the time. There are also apps that will let you cast more or less ANYTHING, like videos you open in Safari rather than YouTube. I've had perfect casting every time.The Chromecast dongle can also be paired with multiple devices, so we have two phones, two computers, and a Kindle* paired to it. If company comes over and wants to show us baby videos that will probably be totally lame, they can pair their devices with our dongle and cast their dumb videos of their lame-o baby to your TV, like you don't have anything better to do than watch little Liam get a bath. Again.Possibly the best news about this is that Google made the software open-source (or some other computer words), so anyone can make apps that will work with Chromecast. Just Google "Chromecast apps" and you'll find about a gajillion-billion apps that you can get, many of them free.*Kindles don't play nice with Google Chromecast because they have a crush on the Amazon Fire system, so you have to go in and make it work, which is kind of a pain but definitely doable.
I hesitated about writing anything negative about Google least they cancel my GMAIL, Google MAPs, and other good and free services.  But, this is not as good, at least at this time, as my ROKU.  I have 3 TVs in different rooms.  I started several years ago with an early ROKU and that worked okay.  About a year or so ago, ROKU updated their hardware.  For about $100, I ordered one and it was greatly improved over the original.  I mostly used Netflix, Pandora, and several other free movie and recipe channels.I thought my wife would like to have this capability in another room so I ordered a second, newer, ROKU.  I hooked it up to a TV that also had internet capability.  So, maybe, for my usage, I didn't even need the second ROKU.  The Google went to the third TV and I thought it was cheap enough to give it a try.A problem with all of these devices is that users who are "less than technology savvy" may have a problem using them.  First, you have to switch the HDMI input from cable to ROKU or Google.  Then, you have to know how to navigate ROKU or Google.  My wife and I got into big fights when I tried to teach her how to use these devices.  Maybe I'm not a good teacher or maybe I'm lucky that our toilets have only one knob.  In any case, my wife can't and won't use either the ROKU, the Google, or the internet TV capability.That said, what is the difference.  My internet-connected TV works okay for Netflix and a few other apps.  But, it seems hard to use and limited.  The Google has only a FEW apps and many want money every month.  So, I found that the only Google apps I would use would be Netflix, Pandora, and YouTube.  Basically, I'm cheap and don't willingly pay for anything.  Netflix is a rare exception.On the other hand, ROKU has literally hundreds of channels to choose from.  Some, of course, are pay for, but, many are free.  Some of the free ones you surely would not like.  But, still, there are many more choices.Lastly, the ROKU comes with a simple controller and the Google does not.  In my case, I control the Google with an IPAD, but this can be a challenge at times.  I think that Google will improve in the future.  But, if you want something now, pay a few more bucks and get the ROKU WITH A CONTROLLER.  I see that ROKU is offering "sticks" so they can compete with the Google, but I still like having a separate controller.P.S.  Google, I still love you, but this product needs some attention.  Please don't cancel my GMAIL!
Only works with a few established apps, namely Netflix and Youtube for streaming. Cannot stream anything directly from your tablet (Nook HD in my case), nor can you even see the Chrome browser itself. Initial setup was a beast. I use a Netgear WNDR 3700, with SSID broadcast normally disabled, WPA2-PSK[AES] security enabled, and MAC hardware address access list enabled. Well to get this to initially work, I had to enable SSID broadcast, disable security on 2.4GHz, and disable hardware access list. Then the Chromecast setup app is was able to finish the Chromecast setup to the point of it being able to use my network to perform a firmware update on itself. After that, I was then able to turn all my WNDR 3700 router settings back on, then had to re-setup the Chromecast for the WPA2 password and then it worked. I think the Chromecast plug needed its firmware update to work with the WNDR3700 ( which is dual 2.4/5 GHz and which I use the 5 GHz for my internal networking between computers and a NAS box). Anyway, after doing all this, I find that the only thing that presently works with Chromecast is the Netflix and the Youtube apps. My Crunchyroll app does not support Chromecast. And the Nook HD does not work with Amazon Prime video either and even it it did, I doubt that Amazon supports the chromecast device. At home, you would be better off hooking up an old spare computer to your HDTV (assuming the video card has HDMI output and you have a wireless keyboard and trackball/mouse) that way you get the full functionality of doing anything you want internet wise and displaying on your HDTV. All I can say is that while it works, it just does not do all that much so it is probably not worth even for the present low unit cost.
I've been using Chromcast since late January and I am totally impressed. This device works impressively with smartphones and tablets outfitted with the Chromcast app and compatible content apps like Netflix and HuluPlus. Together with the still beta-version of the Chromecast plugin for Google Chrome, cord cutters will find a rich range content to enjoy on on their full size screen. Add a quality over the air anntenae to your set up and perhaps a DVR to your set up for time-shifting local content and you can kiss your cable/satellite provider good bye- provided you aren't beholden to them for high speed internet. And that is the caveat- you need a decent internet connect to enjoy this well. The apps do well buffering but that only takes you so far; I have ATT U-verse provided courtesy of my landlord- so beyond my control. This works better than the ATT equipment in streaming content (and that is a very low bar but one I don't have the wearwithall to remedy right now). Chromecast does make it bearable, ironically because the ATT U-verse signal is good enough to let streaming to my devices work. It is not instant on by any stretch but it is no different broadcasting to Chromecast than it is watching on the small screen in terms of getting to the show.My time out of box to set up was easy and quick too. Tech level of experience needed is minimal and I venture to guess the computer aware but not savvy set would have no problem. I personally use iPhone 5S and iPad with retina display; I also use my 3 yr old i7 processor driven lap top to view out of Chrome. I've had no problem multitasking from any of these devices as my content streams. Sometimes my device gets disconnected from the Chromcast stream so controling the viewing and my televsion from my device lags or gets suspended, especially during binge view marathons; my multitaskig may certainly impact this but not always. This is a relatively minor annoyance that I imagine will be addressed as all the apps involved get updated. Any new content provider interested in getting their stream out there independent of the cable/satellite services would be wise explore mechanisms that allow their content to utilize this device.
I bought this because I was tired of running a 25ft HDMI cable to my laptop to watch movies. I also have a Synology DS413j (found here on Amazon http://www.amazon.com/Synology-DiskStation-Diskless-Network-Attached/dp/B008U69LC4/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid;=1395854183&sr;=8-1&keywords;=DS413j) and with the new version 5 OS from Synology you can play videos stored on the NAS through the Chromecast using your iphone or similar as the remote control. I haven't tried the other apps for Chromesast yet but this works great.Plugged the Chromecast into my TV and powered an available USB port on the TV. You switch to the TV input for that HDMI port and you are greeted by the Chromecast setup wizard, you enter your Wifi SSID and password and it joins the network. If you have version 5 of the Synology OS you download the DS Video app to your phone and log in to the NAS, when you select a video to start playing you click the icon in the top of the iphone screen and select Chromecast. The video starts to play on the TV and your iphone will display the thumbnail of the movie, a slider to fast forward/rewind, pause/play and stop buttons, and if you adjust the volume buttons on your phone it changes the output from the TV. I've read that if you have your Synology open to the Internet through your local router and are at a friends house who also has a chromecast you can connect their chromecast to your synology nas using the internet, haven't tried that yet. The really cool thing is if you are playing a movie and turn your phone off, the movie keeps playing. Your phone basically creates the network pipe between the chromecast and the nas. In order to stop the video or play something else you need to start the DS video on your phone again but it's still a neat feature. No worrying about the video being killed if you have to take a call or your phone battery dies, etc.Chromecast is an awesome device and much more affordable than airplay devices. Can't wait to get in and play with it more.
I was a fan of the Nexus Q concept and kicked myself for not pre ordering it when I had the chance. I was happy to hear it when Google was redesigning the Nexus Q after bad initial impressions but had no idea that it would ultimately become the Chromecast.The Chromecast is very well built, very easy to setup and very easy to use. It's about as close to plug and play as one can get in this age. I use a lot of Google services and Netflix so my needs perfectly align with what the Chromecast is capable of. I stream Netflix, Google Movies and TV and Google Music to my HDTV. Google recommends plugging the device into a HDMI slot on your HDTV but I've found that it works fine plugged into a 7.1 surround sound Sony receiver. No great revelation really as the concept behind the Chromecast is pretty straight forward. But for those with killer audio setups going through receivers, subwoofers and such, know that the Chromecast will work through them. At least it worked with mine.Streaming has worked flawlessly for me with the exception of Google Movies and TV. At times I get a buffering loop on certain films which can be very annoying. I believe this has more to do with the movie service as there's a licensing error that appears from time to time after constant buffering. Netflix and Google Music have run flawlessly even after running for a full 24 hours.It's disgustingly good to the extent that my WiiU and PS3 look at me like scorned women because I don't need them to stream Netflix movies anymore or to play music (as the case with my PS3).The only true negative I've found is Chromecast doesn't stream everything available on Android or iOS. The selection of supported apps is limited at present. There are other streaming solutions that support more apps and features but I chose Chromecast for one reason and one reason only...official Google support. I know Chromecast will get dedicated Google support that 3rd parties will be hard pressed to match over the long term. The limitations of Chromecast is changing as Google has made available the APIs for developers to cast their apps.The day when Chromecast can stream games to your HDTV will be the day dedicated game consoles really start to lose their luster for many and Ouya becomes totally irrelevant.Final verdict....Buy it. Easy to set up, easy to use. Well built. The Nexus Q reborn. For $35 you can't beat it unless you already use Roku or AllCast.
I already own a PS3, and I usually just use that with my TV for things like playing Blu-Ray movies, watching Netflix, Amazon Instant Video, and things like that. However, my wife and wanted something a little more portable that we could take with us to use in hotels while we’re travelling. We saw how popular the Chromecast was and thought it would make for a good substitute that we could easily take with us on the road.  Here’s my take on it.Pros:It IS extremely portable and easy to take with you. The pricing is also pretty reasonable, and it ships really quickly. Setup was fast and relatively painless, and it’s worked very fluidly with my Samsung Galaxy S4 so far. I pair to the hotel’s Wi-Fi, connect to the Chromecast, and can instantly watch stuff on Netflix, YouTube, Hulu, etc. So far the audio/video quality has been pretty good too which is nice that I don’t have to sacrifice in those departments.Cons:Very limited as to what you can actually watch on the Chromecast. You have a set list of certain applications that it will work with, but beyond that, not much you can do with it. It would be AWESOME if you could exactly mirror what’s on your phone, tablet, or laptop onto your TV, but alas, the Chromecast has an extremely limited functionality that does not extend beyond a few apps. Also, it’s a huge bummer that it doesn’t work with Amazon Instant Video, because Netflix and Hulu don’t always cover everything I feel like watching. Lastly, it stinks that it requires an external power source beyond the HDMI port it plugs into. If your TV has a USB port or an AC plug nearby, great, but if not, you’re screwed because you won’t be able to power your Chromecast.Conclusion:All griping aside, the Chromecast is still a pretty good device. Not perfect, and it certainly has its drawbacks, but if you’re looking for an easy way to watch Netflix or a few other popular applications on your TV without a gaming system or streaming device like a Roku, the Chromecast is a cheap and easy fix. Just be aware of its limitations before purchasing.
The general functionality of the unit -- it works great. I have used it with my Mac, my iPhone, my Android, my mom's PC -- different wi-fi networks, TVs -- no problem. Great for all of those scenarios.At home, I pretty much stopped watching regular television all together and used Chromecast all the time. I could easily watch streaming content sent from my laptop to my TV and still do other basic computing in other windows. On my TV, it was really easy because the HDMI and USB ports are really close together, so I just left it plugged in all the time.... And then I took it with me to Australia. The TV I had access to didn't have HDMI and USB close together so the unit had to be plugged into the wall outlet, and the wall outlets in Australia are different configuration and a higher voltage than in the US.After about the third time I used it, I started having connection issues. Sound with no video, video with no sound, or the unit resetting to the home screen. When I would go to hard reset or unplug it, the Chromecast would be too hot to touch to where I was scared to use it because I didn't want to break it, the TV, or the fry the HDMI outlet.[update] I brought it back to the US and it worked fine. I was relieved that there wasn't anything broken - and suspect the performance was affected by operating conditions. I took it on a trip to Canada, and it worked fine there, too. It worked so well that I left it with my hosts as a gift. I think it's still the best dongle for traveling purposes since it can stream most content regardless of your location (which can't be said about a lot if not all the content on Amazon Fire stick or Roku). But I would definitely be more mindful about voltage and other variables before plugging it abroad again.
I purchased my first Chromecast days after launch (got lucky and found one at a Best Buy) and have been in love ever since. This purchase was for our 2nd TV, and I'll be buying a third one for my son's room shortly. We also have Roku 3's on 2 of our televisions, and while the Roku 3 is a great device, the Chromecast does enough things better, and a few things the Roku can't, to make it a great complimentary device.The primary reason I purchased the Chromecast was for YouTube streaming to the TV and for playing my Google Play movie/TV purchases, and it does both quickly and flawlessly. (Since the Chromecast came out, Roku had added a YouTube channel that works similarly to the Chromecast, but it doesn't work as fast, doesn't have the queue function from multiple devices and won't play Google movie and TV purchases or rentals). My wife was skeptical about the Chromecast, wondering why we needed it, but is now addicted to using it for her Google Play Music.Speed is the primary reason I give higher marks to the Chromecast over the Roku 3 for several applications, the primary ones being Netflix and Hulu+. It's faster for me to pull up what I want to watch on my phone or tablet and send it to the Chromecast than it is to even open the channel on the Roku 3. We still use both devices, but it depends on the situation. If we're sitting down for a long session in one app, we fire up the Roku. For impromptu watching, the Chromecast works far more quickly for just a video or two. The only negatives I can come up with are that it does get hot after a long streaming session, but I expected that with such a small device, and the app compatibility is still limited, but Google has finally released the develops apk, and new apps are coming in all the time. All I’m waiting for now is Vudu support (coming shortly), and for AMAZON to release a proper Prime Video app for Android with Chromecast support. If both of those happen, I’d probably get rid of the Rokus on our secondary televisions! Seriously, this is the best $35 I’ve ever spent, hands down.
Note: I got mine free as a gift, so even though I'm not over the moon about this thing, I've lost no money personally.There isn't much to say about this little toy that many haven't said already, but it bears repeating: this doesn't work on its own.  Those of us who thought we were buying a wireless streaming device that would practically solve quantum sums on its own are, of course, disappointed. Pretty much anything you want to cast from your computer requires the Chrome browser which, if you don't use it normally (like myself) means installing yet another effin' browser to add to the list.  (Which, in my case, is now Firefox, Chrome, and that piece of crap IE that Windows no longer lets us uninstall.)  You can't extend your monitor as you can with an HDMI cord, so you can't fullscreen videos on Chrome if you want to actually use your computer whilst playing videos in the background.Well then, just use your phone or tablet, right?  Obviously the main thrust of this thing was to use one of these other gadgets to cast video and such from it.  So now, you, like me, have your phone perpetually docked, trying to watch Hulu. And since I have a Note 2, I have to keep flicking the screen back on and off, because I sincerely do not need burn in, and apps like Hulu will keep the sodding thing running even as it's not actually playing video.  Can't comment on streaming personally pictures, because I have no interest in doing so, so I don't care.The apps list is still pretty poor.  That goes without saying right now.  About the only thing I'm happy about is that Hulu works, because the Hulu app on my LG blu-ray has problems handling commercials, while it seems to stream just fine on my phone.  No Amazon video, though.So, for $35 you have a bit of a gimmicky device that actually costs quite a bit more when you think about it: the thing is useless without a phone, tablet, or computer to cast *from.*  On the other hand, something like a Roku (or the $49 upcoming Roku stick) doesn't require anything extra, has a bunch of apps already installed, and doesn't frustrate you by requiring you to jump through Googley hoops to make it work.  Frankly, I'm thinking about buying one of those instead.  $49 for a stick that works on its own out of the box, versus a $35 stick that requires an expensive second piece of equipment to work....
I guess this would be called a thin client since it relies upon other devices (smartphones, tablets, PCs) to feed it content so I kind of doubt this will ever be hackable into "android-on-a-stick".  Don't buy this thinking that's what you're getting.  This device is much closer to a Roku except the "remote" is your personal devices and the potential seems much greater.My wife bought this for me originally, which is why I'm not a certified/genuine/whatever owner, and I knew at the time it wasn't going to more than what my PS3 already did in terms of media.  Now, since their API has been opened up to developers, it's been MUCH, MUCH better!  If the Chromecast played Blu-Rays I'd dump my PS3 in a flash (I barely play games on it).  At this point you can expect new apps and old apps to be coming out with Chromecast support on an almost daily basis.Ever since Plex released Chromecast support and allowed the general public to use the feature I've been using it like crazy.  Plex does a great job at managing my movies and TV shows and they play almost flawlessly via Chromecast.  I have had trouble with longer movies "buffering" towards the end but that may be a Plex issue and not the Chromecast.  I've also had issues with Pandora going off on it's own and not being able to rate/pause/skip with my phone anymore.  So it's not perfect, hence the imperfect rating.Also, even though there's little storage on the Chromecast, obviously it's not meant to have user storage though, it's disappointing how little it does by itself.  If you're not actively "casting" content it shows a nice picture slideshow, but there's no way to configure it, choose your own photos, or anything.  Someone has come out with a conceptual homescreen displaying Google Now, which should've been a no-brainer as a homescreen option.  There's been no talk of customizing the homescreen, but hopefully Google will update it to show more useful information or personal content when the Chromecast is idle.Again, I won't say it does a whole lot right now, but the potential is huge.  There's no reason why [in the future] you couldn't cast Angry Birds, presentations, Pinterest, or Twitter live-feeds, so it will definitely have something for everyone.
I have 2 Samsung DVD's on Wirless one wired and both on line with Router.  I bought Chrome Cast for one thing.  That was a way to simple watch videos from U-tube without messing around turning on DVD turning stereo to DVD ect .  ChromeCast out of the box was easy .  Just plug one power wire to Chromecast plugged into Samsung 50" non-computer Flatscreen 1080P HDMI Port other end to power on wall.  Could of used second HDMI but had a component in it.  Turned TV to ChromeCaster used Apple IPOD Airplay 64bit auto logged into U-Tube put in number from screen and done.  To watch U- Tube from Airplay or Iphone 5S turn on TV select ChromeCaster Input , open app on either apple Device push play, then button looks like blue outline of TV in right hand Corner and select any video. Can darken phone or Airplay and open back up anytime, back up video fast forward, pause change video very fast no delay.  Have a Cisco E 3000 router 19 devices working off it and unit is 50 foot away behind 2 walls and 2 doors, no signal issue - Note router is mounted high by ceiling, TV on wall mount.  I do have HIgh Speed Internet 50 down, 2 -5 up depending on devices in use.  Have fallen asleep in bed and video still play or stop waiting for next video, the Q did not work , but really to be honest did not try to find out why.  Picture is better than 1080I off Dish Network.  I was hoping it would cast dish anywhere as I broke off TV RG-6 connector on TV.  Got parts to fix but find myself  watching a U-Tube.  Have Dish ran thru old VCR RCA jacks till I get time to solder connecter in TV.  Lots more apps coming out.  Real Player is one.  Be-careful or one HDMI movie off iTunes in 1080 will consume 2 GB off free storage and you be paying for iCloud storage.  Never Tried any other app.  Lady from apple Care said she used Chrome Cast in room without Dish wires to watch her sling box.  I am not able to do it from app?  Maybe she logged in some how from Google not sure.  They also just came out with HBO-Go if you have HBO.  Easy way to watch Y-Tube and not have to manually search with Remote on pre-computer TV''s using DVD's.  Wish I had ordered one for living room.
Pros:  - cheap and easy to use  - works well with most major media providers, such as Netflix and Spotify  - slide show of cool photos as a screensaver, although not customizable (to my knowledge)Cons: - tends to get rather hot after being in use for a few hours  - no way to turn it off other than to unplug it, no auto-sleep options  - drops connection regularly when watching Hulu or after being left on for more than a few hoursAs a side note, I will say most of the issues I had with the device could be merely generation I issues, although I expect a little more forethought from Google.TS;WTRM (too short; want to read more):I have a computer without an HDMI port, so this was a great way to connect my computer to the TV. However, I noticed it got quite warm after being in use for a couple hours, which seemed to increase the chance of the WiFi connection dropping. It doesn't automatically shut off, instead it draws power from your TV or wall outlet via USB and is on whenever it's plugged in (which also means you have to plug it in to two separate ports in order to use it- not exactly my definition of "wireless"). This was a minor annoyance, since I had it hooked up to the USB port on my TV. If I had been watching cable or playing a game and later decided to watch something via the Chromecast, it would already be hot and getting it to connect and stay connected could be a headache, depending on whether or not the planets were aligned in my favor. I also had issues with the connection dropping every time I attempted to watch Hulu (not really a surprise, since Hulu sucks for many other reasons on every device).On the plus side, Netflix worked like a charm, although I was not entirely impressed with the design. You have to stop casting every time an episode ended in order to play the next one, instead of just automatically playing the next one like it does on the computer or game console. I can't say this was entirely bad though, since it made it more difficult to binge watch shows (a guilty pleasure I tend to spend too much time doing).I eventually just gave in to the Apple-cult mentality and purchased an Apple TV (which cost 4 times as much but is 10 times better in quality). I loved this device the first week or so after I got it, but after purchasing the Apple TV, I have not used it since. However, if you don't have a Mac, an HDMI port on your computer, or a game console capable of streaming media to your television, this is the best bang for your buck. Though, I would still recommend waiting until they release the next generation, as there are still a few kinks they need to work out.
Update- I gave up on this and dropped it to one star. After several software updates, it has just become unusable. I don't know if it is the fault of Google's iOS apps or the devices themselves, but I just can't get it to work consistently. We stopped using the one commercially a few days after we started because we couldn't get it to work for more than an hour or two at a time and got tired of resetting it. The one I was using at home won't stream most of the time, and when I can actually get something to play on it, the stream usually dies before it can even get through a half-hour episode on Netflix. AppleTV, and now a FireTV Stick work perfectly well in the same location over the same WiFi connection. If it works for you, especially with Android devices- great! If you are new to streamers and don't have an Android tablet or smartphone- you may be disappointed. Check out stand-alone streamers like AppleTV, FireTV, or Roku.I left my old review for reference only...First- I have two of these. One is used in a guest room at home, while the other is used in a commercial environment to drive a HDTV used for internal announcements (for now).I only use Apple products (iOS and OS X) at home. At work- we currently use a PC with the Chrome Chromecast plugin.I'll start with the home environment:When it works, it is great. I've had recurring issues connecting to it though, and re-connecting after locking a device. I mostly just use it in the Netflix app, so I suppose the blame could be pointed at them, but since this was a "flagship" app- I expect better. After the Chromecast starts- it often takes a couple of re-starts of the Netflix app to get it to show up. It rarely shows up when I first launch the Netflix app. I've also occasionally had to restart the Chromecast to get it to show up as an option as-well. I've also had problems re-connecting to control the Chromecast after playback has started but the device goes to sleep. Just to try to illustrate this...I will wait until the Chromecast shows it's online (in its screen-saver).I'll start Netflix on my iPad or iPhone, and start playing a movie or TV show. More often than not- the Chromecast icon won't show up.I'll have to force-quite Netflix, start it again. I may have to repeat this a couple of times.Eventually- the Chromecast icon will show up and I can play the show via it on the HDTV, controlling it on the device.Now, eventually my device will go to sleep/lock to save power. The show will continue playing on the Chromecast. (This is good.)If I open up Netflix on my device again- there seems to be about a 50% chance that it won't show the Chromecast controls or even acknowledge that the Chromecast is there again.Sometimes- I can restart the app and reconnect to the Chromecast. Often the only way to actually shut down the show streaming via the Chromecast is to power it off.I believe all of this is due to poor Wifi management stability on the Chromecast.I've used it on an iPhone and two different iPads, all have the same stability issues.Similarly- we have problems with the one used commercially as-well. It frequently disconnects from the WiFi network, or from the Chrome browser we show the content in. The Chromecast itself is line-of-sight to a commercial WiFi hotspot and less than 10' away from it. So- the display we are trying to drive more-often-than-not shows the Chromecast screen saver, and not the browser content. The browser content is on a dedicated PC with no power management or even screen-saver turned on. It is on the same WiFi network.On a related note- we found the Chromecast plug-in for Chrome on Mac to be completely worthless. It will often not even show the Chromecast, and when it does- it disconnects within a minute every time. We can't get anything to stream to it from a Mac for more than a few seconds. iPads and iPhones work fine, except they have the same stability problems for the initial connection and control interface as the home unit does. Streaming from the Chrome browser on iDevices is currently not supported, so that isn't an option.I'm sure it probably works flawlessly on a newer Android device, but if you have Apple products- you are better off with an Apple TV, and I can't recommend it if you want to stream from a PC Web browser. This is a relatively new product, and I'm sure they will introduce stability enhancements over-time. You can't beat it for the price, obviously, which is why I am still giving it three stars. When it is actually streaming- the video quality seems to be on-par with other streaming media players. At this point- it is definitely not a substitute for more-advanced streamers like AppleTV or Roku. That may change, and if I notice an improvement- I'll update this review. As of now- we are pulling it from the commercial install and switching to a long HDMI cable. (We were trying to minimize cables, and though the Chromecast would be a great solution.) At home- I will continue to use it, and just deal with the disconnects for now. If I used that room more often- I would swap it out for an AppleTV or Roku.
I have one of these in my living room. I wanted the media I stream to go through my sound system so I plugged it into my surround sound tuner rather than directly into the TV. It works great this way too. Originally, this device was specifically designed to stream media from the Internet via Netflix or other such services. However, now that the official SDK is out for app developers, there are already some apps that can stream content that is stored on your devices. AllCast for Android is one example of an app that can stream your own media files. I hope to see a lot of other apps get Chromecast support in the future too. One app that has been announced to have support soon is the Vudu movie streaming service.The real advantage to the Chromecast, which I think makes it better than other media streaming devices, is that it doesn't actually sign into any user account at all. This makes it a great way to share media with friends and family because any device that connects to Chromecast can cast to it no matter what account the device itself is signed into. So, if a friend of mine rents or buys a movie on the Google Play Store with their phone on their account and then stops by my house and wants to watch it with me, all they have to do is connect their phone to my wifi network and they can send it to the Chromecast. I don't have to sign out of my account on my devices, and they aren't asked to associate my Chromecast with their accounts. It's the cloud equivalent of a friend bringing their Blu-ray disk over and playing it in my Blu-ray player.With traditional media streaming devices, like Roku or a Blu-ray player, the apps are stored on those devices and require each app to be signed into an account, at which point that device is associate to each of those accounts. There isn't any easy way to share other people's media with those kinds of devices. Airplay for the Apple TV is the closest thing but that's limited to Apple devices. Chromecast works with both Android and Apple devices.I don't have HBO but I watched a movie from HBO with my friend on my Chromecast because he has HBO and the HBO Go app on his iPhone. I also missed the pilot for the new Braingames show but played it in Chrome on my computer from ABC's web site. With the Chromecast extension for Chrome, I was able to cast it to my TV and watched it on the big screen rather than my computer monitor. These are a couple other examples of how useful the Chromecast can be.
I've been a longtime fan of Rokus, but when mine recently broke, and I was waiting for a replacement to be sent from Roku, I wanted a way to still be able to watch Netflix, Hulu Plus, and HBO Go on my television. Since this was on sale at Best Buy at the time for $30 bucks, I decided to pick one up to see what it was like. I also thought the small size would be easy to pack and would be great for when I travel.I haven't been more frustrated in a product in a very long time. Unlike some other reviewers I had no difficulty setting it up, but that's the only thing that hasn't been frustrating about this thing. There's such a lag between the time I try to start "casting" to the time it finally start playing. And of course there are the many times when it will say that it's connecting and just never does. Once a video does finally start playing it will very, very rarely play straight through without multiple pauses, or the video will stop while the sound continues, or the sound stops while the video continues, or it will just stop completely and never start again. These problems happen regardless if I'm using Netflix or HBO GO. I have given up on trying to get it play Hulu Plus because it has never worked.These aren't issues that I have while using any of these apps on my iPad, iPhone or MacBook Pro, so I'm left thinking that it's a problem with the chromecast. I also never had any of these problems with my Roku. There's also the fact that it doesn't work with the Amazon Video Player. Watching a movie or any other video should be a relaxing and enjoyable event. The Google Chromecast just completely ruins that experience. There are so many other products to stream video save yourself the stress and buy anything else besides this. As soon as the new Roku arrives this will be relegated to the junk drawer.
Easy to set up!Computer in and HDMI stick! Crazy!Connect from any Android device in your network.Several apps supported already, ex: Netflix (works like a charm)Code was just released so more app support on the way, including Vudu!Misconception about the dongle, it's not streaming Netflix from your phone or tablet when you cast it.Your Android device is telling the Chromecast dongle to go out to the web and load this web app and play the video.So your Android device is basically just nice remote control.The only time it's actually streaming media is if the media, like a family movie recorded from your phone, is on the phones memory and you're streaming it. (hope that made sense, lol)I can also stream media from my home NAS synology server and it works like a charm!Sadly MKV format is not supported at this time. but I'm sure that wont last much longer w/that code release.It NEVER freezes!the pix that are cycling when no media is being streamed are nice and changed.It's very easy to use and I can control what my kids watch from any room in my house.You can turn volume up and down as well.This is just a great product, once more video/audio codec's are supported this will replace my huge PC I'm using as an HTPC.Great product for only $35! You can't beat that IMO.Help this information helps. Cheers!*** UPDATE... Nothing really, just wanted to say this thing still rocks!I have a few other streaming dongles and set top boxes that I use in other TV's and what not.But what I want to add is that this Chromecast is used almost every single day and never has it locked! Not even once as apposed to every other dongle and set top box that does lock up all the time.Now that DEV kit is released I can't wait to see what else is added, support wise. Cheers!
It's not brilliant but it is good value for money and does what it says, which is cast to the tele a Chrome tab browser, or from a limited number of apps on Android/iOS devices and with the release of the SDK can only mean more will be coming, making this more useful.Out of the box, there was the Chromecast, a micro USB cable and a plug adaptor to power the device (though I plugged the USB cable straight into the service port on my Mitsubishi tele and works fine) and a HDMI extension.Set up was simple, plugged the device into a HDMI port and set the tele to that input and it has instructions to guide you through, which is connect a wireless device to the Chromecast as it creates a wifi network of it's own. When connected, you can input your home network settings and the Chromecast then connects to the home network and for me, did a update which took a minute to download and a few mins to install before it restarted and was good to go.Installed the chromecast plugin to my browser on my desktop and netbook and they found it instantly, clicking the box icon on the tab you want to cast and away it goes, which for most things I have tried works pretty well.What doesn't work is Amazon Instant. Silverlight just doesn't work and changing the setting to use Flash, for me, I get either when using the inbuilt Chrome pepper Flash a notice saying you need to update it or is using the latest Adobe Flash version getting a message saying that the number of users of the service account has been reached and to disconnect a user first. To get to the settings for your info, type into the address bar: about://plugins and hit the + Details if you want to switch between the Flash versions.Anyway, that not working was expected but it is a shame.As a side note, I got the Portta PET0301S 3x1 HDMI switcher so I could plug this and my Samsung C500 DVD player into another input  as I had run out on my tele and was able to set up my Logitech Harmony 700 remote to work with this really well, but the auto switching also seems to work.One issue I had with this though, it would not feed the Chromecast to the tele unless the DVD player was switched on, which is a little annoying and perhaps maybe needing the external power supply, but it's only a small annoyance and other wise works well and it's certainly a cheap and easy option to get more HDMI inputs if you run out on your tele.
I bought one of these last year and was sorely disappointed with its locked-down, forced partnerships with online streaming companies and promptly returned it. Lack of local media sharing capabilities really was the deal breaker for me. They seemed to have listened to all the complaints, and woken up to the swell of competition coming out of cheap overseas devices.EDIT 03-15-14: WARNING, Google just forced an update download on this unit. This unit will no longer setup without an internet connection, and will not function at an isolated guest network AP. Be aware, if you are planning to use this device on the road, such as at a hotel or other place where you will not have administrative capacity to configure the wireless router, this device will probable have problems, where as Tronsmart & Cheerlink like devices will function. Tronsmart & Cheerlink both function over their own AP network (in otherwords, they create their own little WiFi network), so they can function even in places without any other equipment, just a phone, a TV, and the HDMI adapter. Google Chromecast REQUIRES an external WiFi router to be connected to. It will not even setup without an internet connection. Google, one step forward, two steps back.I GAVE it a better rating after repurchasing it and testing out its capabilities. It can now cast local streaming content from the various apps that are available that perform this type of streaming. It comes packaged with a small extension for poorly designed TVs with tight fitting HDMI port on the back. Also comes with a standard wall jack adapter in addition to the USB for power, whereas most of the other devices I've purchased only comes with the USB cable, or is a split cord with WiFi/antenna unit. The setup is NO LONGER straightforward, due to the recent forced update download.Only three small drawbacks I see so far with this unit.[1] I can not connect this if I am using a hidden non-broadcasting SSID on my network. The other similar casting devices I own can.[2] Forced upgrades. The other devices I own require me to upgrade the firmware/software. Chromecast does it automatically without my permission or consent. This worries me. This type policy leaves the unit open to abuse. If some CEO at Google decides to take this in a new direction and changes the functionality that I don't like (for example, implementing DRMs or collecting market research data, etc.), there's not a whole lot I can do about it. I'll have to be lucky enough to catch wind of it before I plug mine in and be careful to only use the device when it can't connect to internet. It is also a poor way to do it, for technicalities. If I happen to be on a really terrible internet connection, the update could take a long time, and I might prefer to do this when I'm on a better connection. If I need the unit to simply function, for example, I'm late for meeting where I need to use this unit for a presentation, this would not be an appropriate time to perform an update. Bottom line, updating ought to be my choice of whether, when and where.[3] I still can't mirror my phone for those situations where apps are not supported but I want to throw their image up on the TV anyway. From what I hear we aren't too far from it though as the SDKs were released (Koush was working on one). EDIT 03-15-14: I now see some Apps coming out for mirroring. Unfortunately, due to the recent update Google forced on my unit, it will be sometime before I can get a chance to reconfigure my Chromecast to test this functionality.Hopefully, other large companies will learn from this earlier fiasco, and stop trying to force subscriptions & partnerships on it's customers. Such actions will only invite smaller competitors to develop solutions that the customers want, that these larger corporations try to lock down. Now that the SDKs are available, they will see how much better this strategy is. People will figure out new and wonderful ways of using this technology, and Google can reap the benefits together, with increased unit sales and visibility, instead of fighting against the customers for control and losing in public relations.A step in the right direction. Open it up. If everyone shares in it's development, everyone gets a bigger benefit from it. Even you, Google. It's a win/win.
I actually ordered a Chromecast the day it was announced from Google. However the next day, I was told that they were available for purchase at bestbuy. I was anxious to try it out so I went and bought another one and gave it a try.Setup was easy and within 5 minutes, I was watching a youtube video on my 65" TV. The quality was VERY good. I tried a 1080p video first "Big Buck Bunny" and it looked, played and sounded wonderful. Next, was playing music from my Google Play music app. Same result, the music sounded great.I moved on to my Macbook Pro, and again, the videos was clear, without lag, no audio sync problems at all. Same for my Windows PC.Those considering buying the Chromecast should consider what the Chromecast actually is and does, instead of what they wish it could do. So here are some facts:1. The Chromecast is not a streaming device of local digital content. In other words, it does NOT play digital music and videos that is stored locally on your network drives or computers. However there is a work-around for this:Use PLEX Media Server. If you don't already have it, here's the link:[...]Once you download it and point it to your files,it will act as a proxy and allow your music and videos to be played on your HDTV using the Chromecast through the Chrome browser. Simply launch the PLEX Media Manager in Google Chrome browser. Pick a file to play, Hit the Google Cast button and you'll get seamless playback of your own files. [Edit: Please see comments to see an alternative method].2. The Chromecast is not a DLNA or Miracast device or Apple's airplay. This is a lot like my number 1 fact, but I wanted to make this clear. If you want device mirroring (display whatever is on the device's screen), the Chromecast, is NOT for you. The video and music does NOT stream from the controller device (Your computer, tablet, smartphone). Chromecast works by fetching the content from a website or cloud service itself, NOT from the device you're using. Here's what's cool about that:A. You could start playing a video using your smartphone,tablet,computer as a "remote" and still be able to browse the web, play a game, check your social apps, write a book report, put the device to sleep,turn the device completely off (I tried this myself), or leave the house, and the video WILL still play without issues.B. Your battery life is saved! Because your phone, tablet or computer (not plugged in)is not actually streaming to the Chromecast, your battery consumption is minimal. You could Play dozens of movies over several days and still have most of your battery life remaining (Of course this would depend on what else you do with the phone, tablet or computer and how long your device can stay in standby).C. Every device connected to the Chromecast on the same network can take control of playback, adding to the queue (what's going to play next). Pause, fast forward, rewind, etc. So if your roommate, friend, parent, sibling, spouse, girlfriend/boyfriend has to leave with their device, you don't have to worry.D. You can play content from thousands upon thousands of sources using your computer. Using Google Chrome, nearly every webpage, that has content can be viewed using Chromecast. Of Course, this depends what protocols the site is using. If the site has trouble playing on your computer, then it probably won't work well on the Chromecast, either.3. Chromecast IS cross platform (works with multiple devices). As I said, I tried it with several devices with different operating systems. At the time of this review, it works on Windows PC's, Macbooks, and android devices. The app for iOS devices is coming soon. Everyone knows the Apple App store has stringent policies and at times, it can be a long process. Look at the Onlive game streaming app. We won't get into how Apple has been trying to eradicate google applications from it's ecosystem anyway. I'm sure the app is waiting for approval. Just be patient. [Edit: Please see comments for a reply to it working on iOS devices].There are several youtube videos that can show you how to set it up or how well it works. I made a video myself:[...]Watching my video isn't required, but it does help to verify what I'm saying.4. The device you use with the Chromecast, must be on the same WIFI network. The important word here is WIFI. If you are trying to use it, with a ethernet (wired) connected device, even though it's on the same network, it will NOT work! Yes, that sucks, but not being able to use sink water in your gas tank, kind of sucks to. If that's a deal breaker for you, then you shouldn't purchase it. It's how they chose to implement it's use. It is, what it is. [Edit: Please see comment section].5. The Netflix 3 months free limited time offer is over! I received 3 months free with both my purchases. I live in the eastern time zone. Even though I bought my second Chromecast on July 25th at 6:46pm. I realize that when the offer was no longer available, it should have been posted immediately so that consumers could factor that into their decision to buy the Chromecast. Instead of calling it a limited time offer, they should have said "while supplies last." Never the less, the features and functionality of this device has nothing to do with the inadequacy of a bonus offer. To help people make a decision about a future purchase and if it will work for THEM in the home configuration they have, is paramount in my book.6. The Chromecast REQUIRES power through USB connection or from your wall outlet. The required peripherals ARE provided to you in the retail box. Some people are saying if you have an HDMI 1.4 compatible port on the back of your TV, the device can be powered by the HDMI port alone, without the USB cord connected. I CANNOT speak to that, as my HDMI ports did NOT power the Chromecast. I had to use the provided USB wire and connect it to a USB port available on the back of my TV.Overall, I'm extremely pleased with the purchase. I've read some of the other reviews, particularly the 1 and 2 star reviews, because it's an indicator of what can possibly go wrong with the device. I would suggest that people make their decision based on people that have actually bought the device and have experience connecting, setting it up and ACTUALLY using the device. Most of the bad reviews are from people that have not used it, didn't understand the features of the device, or, to be honest, has a problem with the competition between Apple and Google and wants to dismiss this product because of their affinity for Apple products. Look at the features and functions of this device and consider them for yourself.I hope this review helps someone who may be considering this device.EDIT: Recently more apps were added with chromecast support, including the PLEX app! Other editions are: HBO Go, Hulu Plus, Pandora, Vevo, Redbull.tv, Songza, Post TV, Viki, Real Player Cloud.
Google Chromecast is the next great invention after Netflix. My non-techie husband, who still has a flip phone from 2003, thought Netflix was too hard to use. So, one day while he was out of the house, I installed Chromecast (FREE Shipping!!!) on his office tv. I plugged it into the HDMI port, turned on his laptop (no password. oy!), went the the Chromecast web address, and had everything set up in a few clicks.The Chromecast dongle (that's a word) plugs into a USB or HDMI port on your tv. It also needs to be plugged in ... either to the USB in your tv or an AC outlet. You'll have to switch the input on your tv (ours was HDMI2) to see the display and setup instructions. Chromecast connects to your home wifi (HEY!! You need home wifi for this thing to work!) and you give it a name (like "Dad's office"). You then download the Chromecast app, which finds your new device, and allows you to install the Cast extension -- a little icon in the corner of your Chrome browser. When you open Chrome and click the Cast icon, you simply select the device you'd like to cast to, and anything in your browser is now on your tv! Netflix, Youtube, HBO GO, Hulu Plus, Pandora, Google Play, VEVO, and more are now on the big screen! You can also download Chromecast for iOS (iPhone and iPad) or Android.Now, to watch Netflix, we change the tv to HDMI2, open Google Chrome (that has the homepage set to Netflix), and it is movie time! We've had Chromecast for a few weeks and the hubby just figured out yesterday he could watch *anything* in the Chrome browser. Online sports! Youtube! Google Maps! Even his email. And that's when I decided I need one too. Instead of staring at my computer screen for email, chat boards, and Facebook (not to mention Netflix), I could be lounging in the comfy chair, watching the 42".Amazon has free shipping and is priced $5 cheaper than ordering directly from Google. Heck, we spent almost $30 on fast food for dinner yesterday. Thank you Google, and thank you Amazon!
I bought this for $35, and I might get a 2nd just for the convenience (so I don't have to walk my lazy butt upstairs to switch the monitors). This product is great, especially if you are like me and forgo cable or satellite service for digital streaming like netflix, youtube and hulu. There are other services which will work with the Chromecast as "native" apps, but this is not all you can do with this device! I'll explain.From Android devices (In my household, Galaxy S3 and S4, Dell Venue 8) the native apps (I use youtube, hulu plus, and netflix personally) work flawlessly and quickly (from other reviews ios works great as well apparently, although I don't drink the Apple kool-aid myself). By "native" apps, I mean apps you can control on the monitor, directly from your android or ios device. The Chromecast is really easy to set up and use these with. Along with this however, you can stream just about any video content from a Chrome tab on a PC. I haven't come across any video I wasn't able to view in this manner, and I watch so much content online. My set up works like this: I have a central home media PC, and I use a local network remote application to control my PC from my android device. I can see the PC screen on my android with this, and I can watch any video content on the Chromecast without needing to physically go to my PC (super lazy guy here). It doesn't take much set up either.What I like about the Chromecast, is that it doesn't take up CPU power or battery life on the controlling device, like a similar "mirroring" device would. It uses the information you send it to get the source online through the router itself. This way you can play something on the monitor, and still use your device for other things, without being slowed down.I think this is an awesome device, at a great value. I'm sure soon, it will be cheaper and other options, from other companies will be available, but for now this is a great choice IMO.
On the design-side, I had general concerns about the requirement to start things from a phone or computer.  For $30, I was willing to give that a try though.  My goal was to make Netflix available on a secondary TV that has no streaming capabilities.I consider myself a power-user (most would say expert) in consumer electronics and in home networks - having been an early/mid adopter of such devices for 2 decades.  My experience with trying to get this device to work was horrible.  After 7 factory resets, verifying my router had it's latest firmware, and dozens of attempts to set up device I have packed it up and it's going back.  Any self-respecting device should not be this hard to make work.Is it possible that I got a lemon? Yes....however if I got a lemon, then A LOT of people have also gotten a lemon (search for:  chromecast + ("timeout" or "can't connect to wifi" or "cannot access internet").  There are thousands of posts on these topics - ranging from new setups to people that had the thing working for weeks or months and then all of a sudden they are dead in their tracks.  Through the different phases of my troubleshooting, I saw all of those...When I first got the device, I plugged in the USB port and plugged it into my TV.  On my first attempt, I made it through the workflow to where it identified that I was connected to "my" chromecast (verify the code you see on the screen) and then it couldn't connect to my wifi at all.  This eventually ended after a factory reset of the device...2nd attempt eventually appeared to work.  I got it connected to my wifi, it updated the firmware, I tried netflix then got the timeout error.  I re-tried and successfully got Netfix to stream from my android phone.  I then tried to change to a new movie and then I could no longer connect to it.  I restarted my phone, restarted my router (broke the streamed movie), Restarted the chromecast - nothing worked.  I couldn't even see the device anymore (even though it claimed a DHCP address from my router and claimed to be connected).  Only choice was to perform another factory reset...I set it up a 3rd time, now I am able to connect to my Wifi, but it can not connect to the internet.  Power-off reset?  Didn't work.  After about a dozen attempts...factory reset.4th time?  Same results.  Another factory reset (it worked once, right?)5th, 6th, 7th time?  Same results.  Could see and connect to wifi, but nothing could make it see the internet.  I tried the setup procedure from my phone and my laptop - multiple times each.  I could get to the internet on any of the other devices on my network, just not this one.So now it is going back.  I know it's tempting to pay $30 and get a streaming device for the basic needs - resist that urge!  It's clear that this device is not ready for "prime time".
I haven't reviewed anything on Amazon in a while, so I thought my experience with Chromecast would be a good place to get back in the review game.First, what you will need:A wireless (wifi) connection that you have accessA computer / tablet / smartphone that can access the same networkA device with an HDMI input connection (TV / Projector / Monitor)What you get in the box:1 x Chromecast device (dongle) with HDMI male end and micro USB female end.1 x HDMI extension cable (HDMI male and female end) for when you can't squeeze the device itself into an HDMI port due to lack of space1 x USB cord with AC Power adapter end (removeable)User ManualThe box itself has a simplistic design with a popping image of the device itself.  Somehow, looking at how it is packaged and presented is very satisfying.  How does Google do it?Hookup is an ease.  It's pretty simple to grasp, even for those not extremely well-versed in the field of electronics.  The HDMI end can only hook up to one spot, though you may need to use the HDMI extension cable depending on the layout or positioning of your HDMI ports or existing cables.  The USB cable can be used to connect to your TV or device's USB port, or you can use the adapter to connect it directly to an AC power outlet - the latter is recommended by Google as some devices power off the USB port when the device itself powers down.  Essentially, hooking to an AC power outlet ensures the device remains powered on at all times to eliminate boot / wifi connection lags.Once connected and powered on, change your TV or components to the appropriate input and you will see the initial setup menu.  Unlike typical streaming components, there is no device for direct input.  Let me clarify:  you do not directly control the chromecast device.  All control is done through tablet / smartphone / computer and relayed through your network to the device.  At first, this seems a little strange, but you'll get used to it once you find out how simple it is to use.The setup process will ask you to use your computer / tablet / phone to activate the Chromecast on your network.  Simply follow the on-screen prompts and soon the device will check for updates, reboot, and come back up on its own ready for normal operation.  You will be prompted to enter your home wifi network security key (password).Once connected, you are ready to "Cast".  As long as you have access to the web pages through Google Chrome browser, or have the apps on your mobile devices, you are ready to go.  Youtube, Netflix, Google Play, and HBO Go are the apps I have been able to test so far.  Once you pull up one of these apps or web pages, you will notice the Chromecast icon usually positioned in the top right of that app (if you can't find it, google it and find an example).  Upon clicking this icon, you will need to pick the actual device you want to Cast to.  If you have more than one Chromecast, they will be shown with the names you set up during the setup process.  Pick your device, and the app or service you are watching on your device will immediately begin streaming to the Chromecast instead.  That's it.  Have fun.Now, here's the part where I need to correct a lot of the reviews on here.I see a lot of in-depth reviews with great information.  A few of these always state that there's no way to "Cast" items from a local network without installing a 3rd party piece of software.  This is true to an extent, but the only piece of software you need to accomplish this is Google Chrome with the Chromecast extension installed.  With this extension, you can Cast any page you can open in Google Chrome directly to the Chromecast device.  Most people don't know this part:  you can drag and drop music, movies, and sometimes photos directly into the Google Chrome address bar to open them directly in the browser.  I know for sure this works for movies, I have personally used it many times with my Chromecast device.  Any file you have stored on a network drive or hard drive can be dragged and dropped into Google Chrome's address bar and then just click the Cast icon at the top right and you're set.  From this point on, consider anyone explaining this process using a 3rd party software other than Google Chrome as an advertisement for that software, personal preferences aside.Any feedback on my review is recommended.  I would rate this more closely to maybe 4.5 out of 5 if I could due to the fact that this is not a typical streaming device, with no apps built in to the device itself.  I can understand the simplistic design makes it more cost-effective, but at just 20-40 dollars more, a device like the Roku accomplishes the same ends without REQUIRING you to have another computer or device.  Otherwise, a very innovative design and hopefully more app support will be coming this year.Thanks for reading my review.  Have a great day, and enjoy your Chromecast.
I own three Chromecasts, so I am obviously a fan. But they do have a few glitches and they do need a little more functionality. Below is a summary of what I expect in the future:Glitches:1. Sometimes the Chromecast cannot connect to a wireless network. I have no idea why, we're talking a basic wireless network and WPA password. I move my Chromecasts fairly regularly between houses, offices, hotels, etc. and twice I've been unable to get it to connect to the wireless network at the location.2. At my home we have 4 tablets and 2 cell phones that we "cast" things from. Very often if we cast something from Device A, within a couple minutes it was appear on Device B as being cast from it and Device B can now control the casting. This is very annoying is Device B is doing something, say listening to music or watching a show as it will turn off whatever Device B is doing when that device takes over casting.3. When casting music through Google Music, if the cell phone casting the music gets a phone call it will turn off the music playing. Aggravating as usually I'm casting music for my children in a different part of the house and I'd like to be able to use my phone to make calls without shutting their music off.Wishlist:1. I wish you could cast to different Chromecasts at the same time from the same device. For example, cast a Netflix show to Chromecast A from Device A, then cast Hulu Show to Chromecast B from Device A. Currently we have to use cast to each Chromecast from a different Device and this is a pain sometimes when there are not enough devices in the house but multiple things need casted.2. Ability to cast an app and then still use that app locally. For example, I wish I could cast a Netflix show to a TV, and then watch a different Netflix show my cellphone at the same time.3. Ability to see and control all content currently being casted on all Chromecasts from all Devices. I know it sounds stupid, but sometimes I just can't figure out which of the tablets or cellphones in the house is controlling a Chromecast. I'd love a "master control" app that showed: All ChromeCasts in the house, what they were casting, and either the ability to control the Chromecast right there or at least tell me which device had control of the "cast"
This small, cheap device literally replaced my boxee box, and my roku hd player, as well as my PC media center. Now that the SDK has been released and more third party app developers are getting on board there is no reason to hold back on getting this if you were on the fence. It's extremely simple to set up and looks awesome when you are surfing for what you want to watch on your phone or tablet and just play your media straight from there. For me it just means one less remote to carry. I always have my phone on me and am usually doing something while watching TV. Now this is just as simple as picking what I want to watch "flinging" it to my chromecast and going about my other app business on my phone.For those of you who are concerned about battery usage on your phone or tablet, unless the media is local, (IE, a video on your phone, or music on your phone, NOT internet based) the chromecast uses minimal power from your device. For example, if you are looking through your netflix or hulu on your phone and find something to watch, you send it to chromecast, that's the extend of what your phone needs to do for sending the media, after that the chromecast itself pulls the data from the netflix/hulu servers.For those with extensive movie collections plex is invaluable and very sexy on a tablet/phone. Recently plex made it free for chromecast users to be able to send their collection to their devices. (It used to require a plexpass monthly subscription).When your chromecast isn't playing media it shows beautiful photos in the background. Bottom line is this device is too cheap, and does too much, to not pick it up. If you don't like it you can always return it to amazon, so take the plunge, and if this review helped please let me know, thanks.
This device intrigued me at first. Even though they only offered little apps at first I knew the way things normally go is if it gets popular the support and apps come rolling in. Slowly and sure they started coming out.When I first got this I only used it for Netflix and Hulu. As of now (FEB 2014) there is SO MUCH I do with this device. I have 4 of these and recommend it to anyone who asks. Its not that hard to setup, but if you work in the IT field or somewhat tech savy, this device opens up HUGE amount of media playback. While netflix and hulu and google play is fine. What sets this device apart for me is the price 30-35$ and the PLEX support.I have a NAS setup in my home with Plex running on it. Plex + Chromecast = I cut the cord (cable). WIth each Chromecast I can acess ALL of my media on any TV in my home, and because its a NAS, and on all the time. When I leave home I just turn off my pc and I can watch all my movies and TV shows anywhere I have internet acess to. All I have to do is bring my chromecast with me, as if its such a huge thing to carry. Its simple to setup in another home and I can watch my media on someones elses tv.Aside from the Plex support I love the googlecast tab feature. There is so much free media online in this day and age.However alot of the free tv episodes and such are only available through web browser, not anymore. With googlecast extension in Chrome, all I do it cast the tab to my Chromecast. Works great when I am cooking and want to watch an online show on the kitchen tv.For those who dont know you can ALSO cast your WHOLE desktop, its in beta but you can turn your tv into a pc monitor with this device also.Little by little more and more apps will be coming and I am just more than satisfied with this product.
I've always wanted to buy a streaming media player device but the price was always an issue for me since i never got convinced with the high price of devices like apple TV which is restricted to apple devices only and other streaming players which are usually comes with high price. Because of the awesome synchronization of this Chromecast with the chrome internet browser, this device can be converted into a magical tool for mirroring any file (media or pdf) on your TV through opening it via chrome browser. Another cool feature about this chromecast is that it does not require external power through external adapter but instead it gets its power through connecting it into the same HDMI input if you are using the newest TV models which provide a newer HDMI port but don't worry if you are having a middle age TV with any HDMI you can still get your chromecast powered through connecting it to the USB port that usually comes with most TVs and in the worst case scenario  the chromecast device does come with an adapter as part of the package when you buy it and you can connect it to your chrome cast and then connect it to the power supply so you can get connected and enjoy the streaming no matter what TV model you have. Because this device is recently innovated, it is still in its early stages of adoption and therefore only YouTube and NETFLIX can be streamed from your MOBILE (IOS and ANDROID or WINDOWS operating systems mobiles) but there are many like Amazon instant watching and HULU  and HBO are coming on the way to be mobile compatible to steam videos via your mobile BUT this does not mean you can stream through the above mentioned websites if you use desk top or lab top via chrome web browser. YES you can stream any thing from any website as long as you are using chrome browser and so do not MIX between what you can stream via your MOBILE and what you can stream via your DESK TOP or Lab TOP. This device worth every cent and the price is its best feature for me compared to the features it provides. I love it
I ordered this roughly 6 months ago. They stated that they only supported a few apps (Netflix, Youtube, etc.) but that more options were coming. I purchased on the assumption that "more apps coming soon" meant that they were actually coming soon. Almost nothing has happened (pandora & HBO were added), and i feel that for a company like google 6+ months of almost nothing is a long time. Streaming from the computer was still a "beta" option when i got it, even though google advertised it like it actually worked, and still didn't months after (haven't checked recently). I tried it many times on a new Macbook Pro and it never worked for me (just got an error and no help from google), so why advertise it? I had high hopes for Google on this one. It sounded like a great product in its infancy, but is sadly underwhelming in the end due to its continued limited options and nearly stagnant development. If all you want is the limited service that it provides, i can say that it does them well and you will love it. I have had minimal issues using it on my IOS device. Hopefully something interesting will happen with this in the next few years.Update (4/16/2014): I lowered my rating by 1-star from 3-stars. Mostly, I do not see this as a very competitive device anymore. If you want more features, There is Amazon FireTV. If you want the small profile of the chromecast, go for the new Roku Stick. Chromecast doesn't have nearly the apps that these others do. Although (to be fair) Amazon's is more expensive, however Roku is similar in price(~$15 more). personally, I would rather spend a little more and get more. The biggest thing for me is that Both alternatives have Amazon Prime streaming, but i also enjoy the addition things they offer. I still think that the Chomecast does well for what little it does, but I would not recommend it given the superior alternatives, that is the only reason for the 2-stars.
Update 4/7/2015 !!I just got the Amazon Fire Stick which comes with a Remote.  I take it with me to hotels and stream my Amazon prime movies to the Hotel room TV.... works really nice.  It seems, one can't live life with only just one media player, so be prepared to by several Media players like I did. In the end, it's a lot cheaper tan taking the family out to $100 a night at the movie theater. My Chromecast is plugged in behind one of my TV's and i don't even know it's there......  it's that forgettable compared to the rest.  : )  I'm just sayingI bought 3 of these Chromecasts thinking it would be the answer to all my TV watching Dreams.I thought, stream hulu, Netflix, Amazon Prime, HBO go, MAX go, Pandora, Spotify, Steam from my PC, stream from my ipod and iPhone..  : )Boy was I woken up fast!So here's the thing.  I own, Apple TV, Roku and now Chromecast. and at the end of the day, NONE of these will do everything you need. Oh and I'll talk about my Xbox 360 and my PS3 as well.Here's what I found from the 3 devices:Chromecast:1. I have to find my iPad in order to use this device. God forbid if the battery is low. God forbid one of the kids are using it. : (2. So i'll just use my PC to stream. God forbid I have dual displays, as it comes out so tiny on the TV, I can't see anything at a respectable size. So I just remove one LCD and whoa, it does not match my TV resolution so I get black bars all around.  : (3. OMG. the sound only goes through the TV set and not my Stereo. Oh yeah, that's because the streams don't actually come from my iPad. : (4. Resolution and sound are bad, really bad compared to my Apple TV and Roku.Apple TV:1. Wow, can you please just add Amazon Prime already? and maybe MAX go and Spotify so I don't have to buy Google Chromecast and find out it doesn't do much?Roku:1. I wish you was an Apple TV so you could work with my iphone2. Plays Amazon prime, HBO go, Max go, Pandora..  no Spotify : (3. Oh my Onkyo Stereo plays Spotify .. go figure.PS 3:1. Waiting for you to boot up is taking way too long.2. Must you tell me when ever my kids friends go online? It interrupts my movie!3. Not a bad solution as you can play Blu-Ray, DVD and do Amazon prime, but you can't work with my iPhone.Xbox.:1. Do you really need me to join Xbox Live to watch HBO GO?  I mean really?2. You can't even play Blu-Rays...  I'm so disappointed in you I banished you to the basement.So in the end............Roku would be the best DO EVRYTHING choice if it had iPhone streaming, and a Bluray\DVD player built in.So if you had to pick just one...  just buy the Roku, you'll be real happy.But then again..  each of our needs are different... so..  see what's important to you and if you want it all, then you will need to buy a Roku, Apple TV, PS3 and Chromecast like I did.
I purchased this item so that for my online classes, I could cast content in my Chrome browser (usually lectures) to my living room LCD and watch in comfort (no other convenient way to do that unless it is a YouTube video). It is GREAT for that. Do keep in mind this is not an Apple TV (which I own as well) or Roku. There is no remote with this. No application that runs directly on it and allows you some direct control (that I've seen yet anyway). This is literally sending certain online content directly to your television (like YouTube videos) that specific support has been written for OR the Chromecast casting Beta which is a little icon in the top of your Chrome browser that allows you to cast the whole page of the browser window. However, that last method doesn't look perfect yet. That's why there is particular app support, like the aforementioned YouTube, where you'll have a little casting icon from within the YouTube video (so you're blowing up just the video in a nice edge-to-edge proper ratio, NOT the whole Chrome screen with all the menus and other stuff that sometimes doesn't display just perfect). Anyway, the YouTube support is great. Haven't tested the other video streaming application support yet, but I'm sure Netflix probably is fine too.I should be more clear, it doesn't just "blow up" your video from your PC to the TV connected to the adapter, it "casts" it which basically means that Chromecast grabs that feed somehow directly and you're free to do other stuff on your computer while it's playing. I have had some odd control issues at times, where within the YouTube application for instance it will show you the progress bar, but sometimes it won't (so you can't control the profess bar to forward the video on the TV, remember there ins't a remote for this) Anyway, some occasional odd behavior there, but hardly noticed in my light use the first month. It is "beta" after all, but hopefully Google doesn't beta it forever like other products and instead puts a lot of development in this. If Google could invent a very affordable HDMI streaming box that you would hook up to any of your HDMI supports and watch them via network or wireless through the Chromecast, it would be one heck of a unifying product.The other thing I really wondered about before purchasing this to "cast" my online course material was whether a site I was logged into on my computer (that required a log-in, like my online Canvas courses), if they would cast properly to the TV because they required a password. No problem doing this via the Chromecast beta so far, so pleasantly pleased in using it for my coursework for sure.
I was hooked on this thing the first time I used it so I thought I would wait a while to review it just in case it wasn't as good as I first thought.  I have had it for 3 or 4 weeks now and I like it even more.I'm not sure what to say for those saying they had a difficult time setting it up or were unable too.  The most difficult thing about the set up for me was getting it out of the box!  The rest of the set up process was so easy it was almost scary.  Especially how fast it found and was able to communicate over my secured wi-fi.  Downloading and installing updates, which it did automatically, was the most time consuming part of the process.  About 2 minutes after that was done, I was casting a TV episode from a network website.  Excellent picture quality.  I used our 3 year old Windows 7 laptop initially.  I have noticed, especially with older shows (non-HD) that there is some  delay between the audio and video using that computer at times.  I tried the same show (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine from Hulu) on my Android phone and there was no delay at all.  So, it is likely just something with that laptop as the delay seems to come and go when I use it but I never experience it from my Android device.The only thing missing at this point that would probably cause some people to complain is the ability to watch live sports over it given the restrictions on sports broadcasts.  This is not a big enough problem for me to continue paying DirecTV a monthly fee for a bunch of channels I don't want.  They will be going away before the next bill is due.  I have an antenna ordered to pick up local broadcast stations for sports.  We'll see if it is as good as the Chromecast!
I have had a Roku for years - and as I added a new TV it was time to decide what I will need to add the "smarts" to the TV. I have had smart TVs before and they are typically outdated within a year and the software in them have a lot to be desired - I feel it is a lot better bang for the buck by buying a cheaper "non-smart" TV and just add a Roku to it. This time I thought I would change it up and get the Chromecast instead. And boy did it deliver. Of course Chromecast is not for you if you are looking for lots and lots of channels. Its for you if you use Youtube a lot - want the flexibility of using your own apps to look for media and then just one tap on the screen and Wallah - its on your TV.I would have to say I was hoping that it will get power right from the HDMI port - I saw somewhere if you have a recent TV it will work - and I do have a brand new TV so I was disappointed when the Chromecast will not power up from the HDMI port - and I need to add more cables to get it power. If you have a wall-mounted setup with all cables going through a conduit behind the wall this may be something you need to consider. If your TV has a USB port (mine does, but I was using it already for a media drive) then its as simple as connecting the USB cord to your TV's USB port. I suggest getting a short cord so things are a little tidier.Other than that I can't complain. Netflix, Youtube, Hulu Plus, Google Videos, Pandora play seamlessly on the Chromecast from any device. Google says iOS5 is not supported, but I have used an old iPad running iOS5 successfully to cast content to the Chromecast. If you want local content, Get RealPlayer Cloud which can cast videos from your mobile device to the chromecast. And all in full HD.And all this just around a third of the price of the latest Roku. Now I have a Roku in one room and the Chromecast in another - I find myself using chromecast more often because it is so simple - I can go to netflix from my computer and then send it to the TV - a lot better than going through endless remote clicks to find what you are looking for on the Netflix app.Love it!
I love this little guy.  He supports my YouTube obsession and allows me to cast whatever I want through the magic window from my Chrome browser.In all seriousness Chromecast is a great device with a couple bugs.  I look forward to seeing these work themselves out with software updates in the future.  Of course this device has "streaming support" built in; YouTube, PostTV, Netflixs, Hulu, etc... these recourses require you to initiate casting from another device as the Chromecast has no input capability besides from a host device (PC/Mac computer, android cellphone/tablet, iTouchPhonePad).  It may make the Chromecast sound like a dumb device... and it kind of is but... if you are casting, say, YouTube from your android, the cellphone/tablet is not processing the video hence saving battery, once the request is sent to the Chromecast you can turn the display of your android device off as the Chromecast itself is doing all the downloading, processing, and display through the stick.  Plus when not watching video or listening to music you can view beautiful photography as well as the Chromecast’s status on its “homepage” of sorts.Did I mention bugs?  One irk is when watching a YouTube playlist, the first couple seconds of each video and audio will repeat 3 times before starting to play… while not anything extremely time consuming it just seems unpolished.  Also when casting a tab to the Chromecast through Chrome’s extension it will probably stop casting at least once through a feature length movie, again, not terribly time consuming as all you must usually do is select “cast this tab” again.  There are as well a few rare instances (once every couple of days) that I must restart the chrome browser in order to cast either a tab or video from supported sites like YouTube or PostTV.  None of these are “deal-breakers” but, it does seem to verify the Beta status you tend to feel it is in at points.  Google does a good job of pushing updates fairly frequently, those updates sit and wait until the Chromecast restarts to start anything so no interruptions if already watching a movie and a updated is posted.  Each update usually makes something noticeably better, if not just a new set of photography while waiting for a cast.For $30 ($35 when I bought it) you can't go wrong if you want any functionality from this thing you don’t have elsewhere.  Already have a Roku, Smart TV, Apple TV, PS3/4, etc etc?  Does it stream from any internet source, any file able to be loaded into your browser?  If you want to see something on your TV that can be loaded into/opened within the Chrome browser on your computer you can with Chromecast.  I love it and hope to see more improvements and enhancements!
I give it 4 stars for coolness, price and convenience.  I love cheap tech toys like this which simply adds convenience.  Sure before I was able to stream Netflix before via HDMI from Xbox or Laptop but it required a little setup time.  I primarily use with my Netflix account, with occasional YouTube viewing and ultimately it delivers very nicely!  Initial setup was pretty straight forward using my Galaxy S4 and TV in front room with Netflix streaming within 5-10minutes.  However I deduct 1 star due to hassle setting up on 2nd TV located in bedroom.  Long story made short it took over 1 hour to figure out how to setup on 2nd TV.  I tried diff cables, factory reset, wall plug, TV USB, etc...  but nothing seemed to work on 2nd TV.  Just sat on "Setup issues" screen.  Ultimately rebooting PHONE fixed problem and instructions never mentioned rebooting phone if switching TV's.  I wrongly assumed if setting everything up in front room it would be simply plug&play; on 2nd and target TV in bedroom.  It goes thru entire setup process again when setting up on another TV:(  Once setup in bedroom everything works as advertised, including TV USB for power. No issues at all with picture and sound quality for Netflix!  Youtube seems to be only slightly degraded quality but only if really picky. I won't knock off  star for requiring a Wireless network connection, but I was shocked when I couldn't connect to Chromecast from desktop which only uses a hard-wired network connection.  For semi techies I saw that Chromecast initially creates its own Wifi network and allows devices to connect to it.  I had incorrectly assumed Chromecast would simply connect to my Wifi which would allow me to connect using any device on network, including desktop.  Maybe latter updates will expand functionality but if only wanting to Stream Netflix and YouTube (there are other apps available) this is a wonderful device and a great price!Update -  I'm going to update with 5 stars.  Using Cntrl/O with Laptop allows me to stream videos, movies and pictures to Chromecast.  Wasn't aware of this option during 1st week of use.  This has added so much more!
As one who is somewhat obsessed with watching Netflix movies on the living room TV, I was quite interested in Chromecast (an HDMI dongle used for streaming supported apps to a TV). Until my purchase, I have been using an HDMI cable to mirror my laptop’s screen to my TV; this worked efficiently, though I was looking for more of a wireless type connection. I purchased 2 of these devices, one as a gift to a friend (in Canada), and one for myself (in the U.S.). Thus far, the product works as expected.I typically use my Nexus 7 tablet to mirror Netflix or YouTube via Chromecast to my TV. I love having the capability of using almost any device as a remote for Chromecast. Though, for some this may be an issue, as you will need to always have some sort of device to control Chromecast. Chromecast is quite small, cheap, and is definitely a “bang for your buck.” After receiving the product, I was prompted to install a firmware update; unfortunately, this firmware update took several hours to install. I was quite eager to use the device, though was extremely bothered by such a long wait. I do however appreciate such an update. Now, despite that, I highly recommend Chromecast to anyone who is looking to replace their wired connection (ie: HDMI cable).Pros:- Easy to useI particularly like the YouTube queue feature. It’s exactly what it sounds like; it allows one to queue videos (in a list) to be automatically played in order. - Easy to set up - Compact - CheapCons: - Slow firmware update (for me it took several hours to download) - Limited to Chromecast’s apps and Google chrome for streaming - Netflix may freeze every so often in order to re-buffer the videoI hope this helps a consumer make a better informed purchase. If you found this review to be helpful, please let me know :).
This device is not thee way to go for Internet TV, unless you have a spare Laptop, or Tablet, hanging around that no one uses. A Laptop, or equivalent, is required to make this device work. And, it must be at Windows 7, or higher. I was not aware of this when I purchased it. I became aware shortly after I received it. I had to borrow my wife's Laptop to check it out. It does work,  and it provides a fine image, but it requires a bunch of apps, (which you can download from Google). And it pretty much ties up that Laptop, etc., for constant use, to which my wife said, "Not my Laptop!'. So that's that!I'll bet it would work just fine if I bought a Tablet, for around $300. But I can get a Roku, or Apple TV, for a lot less. And, my purpose in getting this device was not to buy a Tablet. I intended to use it with my Netbook (which is XP oriented and can't be upgraded to W7).Also, I noticed that some funny things started to happen to my Desktop, ie: I started getting a lot more Spam and Pop-ups when this device was connected to my TV, even though it was not being used at the time. I removed it from the HDMI port, and those things went away. Don't know if there is a connection there, but thought I should make you aware.I'm going to keep it, so when I do (someday) get that Tablet (or whatever), and Time Warner starts being halfway decent and makes it's use feasible by adjusting their rates, I can maybe take advantage of the great stuff available on the Internet.All-in-all, if you have the equipment available to support it (extra PC), it will probably provide you with a decent connection for Internet TV. Hopefully, the other stuff I mentioned, will not occur.
I wonder if google intentionally made this thing to have issues with windows 8.1Let me first point out that, I have really tried to like this product and make it work, but it just won't let me. I have spent hours on it to make this thing work (see below), but in vain. Now back to the review. I got a windows 8.1 Lenovo Carbon X1 with windows 8.1 and I absolutely love the laptop. Super fast, < 30 seconds boot time, SSD, etc...so, no I don't have a reason to switch to Android or Apple. Not that I hate it, but just because I don't need to. Following is what I tried to make this thing work from day1.1. Followed instructions and found that Chrome browser shows an error "No Cast devices Found". In other words, chrome browser cannot connect to chromecast or it does not find the device on the network. I verified that laptop and chromecast are on the same network.2. Troubleshooted and found that I should turn on sharing on my local network (LAN). Did that via windows sharing center. Still the same error3. Rebooted the router. Still no success. So I tried to do the same with another laptop I have, but pretty old with a core 2 duo processor (Google recommends i3 or newer processor). It worked fine since it has windows 8 (not 8.1). But the streaming was pathetic. I find it hard to believe that chromecast only transfers metadata of youtube video from laptop and then streams it from network and not from your laptop. Because, you have to keep the video ON on your laptop in order for the video to stream on your TV. If you pause the video on your laptop, the same thing will happen on your TV. WTF ? I probably could have just connected HDMI of my laptop if I have to do that or may be set up a server at my home.3. Called Google Customer Care. I think the representative was pretty nice, but he asked me follow the standard procedures like reboot router, laptop, etc...Spent over an hour on the phone, but no success again4. Lots of surfing on bing/google to find out a solution including official chromcast troubleshooting guide. Believe me, its not even worth listing everything here. I found out that a lot of other folks using windows 8.1 are facing the same issue, but no resolution. Google can't solve it, obviously Microsoft would not claim it as their problem either. I verified that sharing on LAN just works fine on windows 8.1. So, its probably chromecast5. Manually added chromcast and chrome to my firewall for inbound and outbound connections. That's not only for http/TCP connections, but for any protocol. I know its not at all secure, but just wanted to check if its the issue with Windows OS or anti-virus. As usual, nothing worked.I have finally given up on this device. I am going to just connect my old laptop to TV via HDMI and login remotely to that laptop if I need to use that laptop. This way, I can make it as a streaming device too. Piece of cake. So much for 25 bucks, not worth the effort.All in all, a negative experience with a Google product, disappointing.
I did have some problems with setting this up.  After installing this on my TV, I installed the chromecast app on my Samsung S4. I followed the instruction on the TV screen. But my S4 could not find any chromecast.  I tried the chromecast on another TV in a different room and the same thing happened. Finally I got out my ipad, installed the app and it did find the chromecast and I could complete the setup. I could control the chromecast with my ipad and my S4 after that.My TV does not have an USB port. So I had to use the included power supply. I noticed that the body of the chromecast was very hot to the touch. I keep the unit unplugged until I want to use it.  It seems like a lot of trouble.  I am considering getting a new TV. Maybe plugging into the TV USB port will be better.  I will update if and when I get that new TV.Casting from the ipad or from my S4 works easily.  I did try to use my pc to cast to the chromecast. If I used youtube or netflix, it was easy since the chromecast icon is there on the youtube/netflix screen. Picture was full screen and audio was clear.But when I went to  sites like NBC or CW to watch a TV program, it was very different. The icon is in the upper right corner of the search bar. When you click it to cast, the whole pc screen is seen on the TV, like the headings, etc and not just the video screen.  NBC allows you to change video size. When I switch between normal and huge, that change is seen on the TV (still with all the headings and other misc stuff). But when I switch to full screen, video blanks out on the TV (but all that misc stuff is still seen). Since the icon to cast is on the search bar and not on the video screen, I have no way to "recast" the full screen on to the TV. Also I have no audio. I did connect my headphones to the pc and got audio that way. But not from my TV.I did try the option to auto resize the browser to best fit the receiver. That did not help.update: It is no longer working on my PC. I just tried to cast netflix to my TV but the cast icon was gone. I checked on my ipad and on my smart phone and it was still set up there, but my PC could not see it. I decided to send it back.  I ordered a roku 3. I hope that works out better.
I got this at a Christmas gift exchange. I gave the Chromecast a try for several weeks.  My verdict is that it is essentially useless. I wanted to use it because I thought I could cast my web browser from my laptop and tablet and view videos no matter the venue. This is simply too limited to accomplish that effectively.1) The wireless connectivity drops out after not having been used for a little while.  Sometimes during use. Using the cast functionality via Netflix and YouTube, when it works it's not bad.  But it got very frustrating trying to figure out why the unit wouldn't connect to my wireless network when my laptop and tablet were connected fine. I had to think creatively and trick the unit into working with my wireless network.  It's simply too unstable and unreliable for the casual user.2) It's $15 cheaper than a unit I recently started using -- the Roku.  It is a WORLD of difference.  No "middle-man" hardware to cast from (i.e. no more tablet/laptop/phone to use.)  The Roku blows this thing out of the water for streaming from internet channels directly from your wireless network and rarely if ever drops out.  If that is what you want to do, DO NOT GET THE CHROMECAST.  In fact I can't really think of a reason other than simply projecting your screen to a TV in getting a Chromecast. And if that is what you want to do, knock yourself out but prepare for frustration and disappointment.3) You have to have USB power.  Fortunately my somewhat older Sharp LCD TV had one for software updates for an integrated Blu Ray player. When connected to the TV's USB port, it did not receive power. If my TV didn't have a Blu-Ray player attached to it with it's own USB port, I'd be SOL.  Maybe there's another solution like an adapter, but that means a cable running down from behind the TV to an outlet. May as well just get a Roku.4) When casting a web browser and trying to view video through non-supported sites like Amazon Instant Video, it is simply too slow to be on any use. May as well ditch the Chrome Cast and run an HDMI or DVI cable if you are using a laptop.  For a phone or tablet forget it. Nothing to see here folks.5) Having to use "middleman" hardware as your casting device to the Chromecast is too inconvenient and frustrating when connectivity drops out.Overall this thing was a novelty item that caused more frustration than it was worth.  I needed something solid so I picked up a Roku and damn was that the answer!  I love the Roku.  The thing streams perfect, is very small, and if you can connect via an ethernet cable, more power to you.  But Roku's still work great wirelessly. Roku supports Netflix, Hulu, Amazon, YouTube and tons of other channels I didn't even know existed.  The thing comes with a remote that reminds me of a Wii remote (the Roku 3 remote has motion sensor ability -- wow!) Where the Chromecast was an epic FAIL, my Roku is a serious WIN!  The only thing this can do that the Roku doesn't is cast your laptop screen to the TV -- and trying to watch video sans diract "cast" support is super slow and useless.  And who cares when your device probably has IT'S OWN SCREEN to begin with right???I think my Chromecast will be going on eBay soon.  I might get $20 for it when I sell it to the next sucker.  Hopefully.  [UPDATE 2/8/2014]  I put my Chromecast up on eBay and someone paid $35 for it PLUS shipping!  WHOOP!  Made my Roku purchase that much more justified.  Why are people paying more than $35 for a Chromecast?  Like, voluntarily?  Even non-Amazon Prime subscribers can get it tax-free and free shipping using super saver shipping right? Not that I'm complaining.  I just ordered 2 more Roku units. Roku HD Streaming Player - Manufacturer Refurbished Roku 1 Streaming Player (Black) (Roku 2710R) Roku 3 Streaming Media Player
There is a lot of ambiguity about what the Chromecast can and can't do.  When you search for answers to its capabilities, you are confronted with a lot of noise especially in the over 10,000 reviews here on Amazon.  In this review, I tried to document what did and didn't work for my very basic setup.My setup:HP Windows 8 Desktop w/ Intel Core I3 processor, 8GB RAM, hard wired ethernetLinksys WRT54G router - 10Mbps internet connection.  No VPN.Acer A100 TabletSamsung ARM ChromebookSamsung HDTV (It only has 2 HDMI ports so I also have an HDMI switch)Chrome Browser with Chromecast extension on HP and Chromebook with Tab projection quality set at StandardI installed the Chromecast setup app on the tablet.  Installation was fast and easy.  An automatic software upgrade was done as soon as the wireless was ready.The first thing I did was test Amazon prime video using tab cast.  I used the pop out mode and then right clicked in the title bar and used set as tab.  This gives you access to the cast icon.I tried the Chromebook first.  The video was choppy and audio and video were out of synch.  Not acceptable.Then I tried the HP desktop with the Chrome browser.  The wired connection found the wireless Chromecast.  I used the same approach as I used on the Chromebook with the pop out window.  Video was relatively smooth and the video/audio synch was not perfect, but OK.  I was able to watch 5 episodes of Alpha House.  I was also able to watch an episode of Sherlock from PBS.org.  The quality was very good and full screen worked.Next, I watched an MP4 video from the desktop hard drive.  I used <CTRL> O to find the file and the chrome video player played it.  Subtitles only display if they are burned in to the file.  Playback was acceptable.  Because I set up the Chrome browser in standard (480p) mode, the video quality was not the greatest, but certainly acceptable.You can't tabcast from the tablet.Youtube worked fine from the tablet and desktop.  From the Chromebook, Youtube was a little flaky.  It worked but the controls (pause, volume) lagged.  I don't have Netflix.Pandora worked the best from the tablet app.  From the desktop and Chromebook, you have to cast the browser tab, which results in the browser screen on your TV.  From the tablet, the name of the song and the artist were displayed like a screen saver to avoid burn in on the TV.Google Play music worked fine from the Chromebook and desktop.  On the tablet, which has an SD card full of the same music I uploaded to Play, I got an error on a few files regarding side loaded music files not being able to play.  I did not try Google Play Movies.All in all, I am very pleased with the Chromecast.  It met my expectations and the price was right.Update - 2/1/14  Occasionally when casting Youtube from the tablet, the cast cuts out after about 10 mins.  Sometimes, the tablet and the cast are out of synch and you can't pause the cast because a different video is displayed on the tablet. One nice thing about Chromecast is that any device can take control of what is being casted and cast something new.
This little guy is AWESOME!  This is not like Apple TV or Roku.  Those units are stand alone devices.  Google chrome requires another device to control it but only as a controller!  In other words, I use mine with my iPhone and Netflix a lot.  When I open the app, there is a little icon that you can toggle that will allow you to play a movie on your device or on your Chromecast.  When you select Chromecast (here's the major misconception by a lot of people) the Chromecast doesn't steam the video from your phone!  Your phone (or tablet or laptop) tells the Chromecast where to find the video you want to play out there on the internet and gets authorization to play the video.  After the video starts, you can close the app if you want to or leave your house or turn off your phone.  The video will keep playing directly off the internet until you tell it to stop of until it reaches the end of the video, whichever happens first.  If you do close the app, all you have to do is re-launch it and your device will open the controller.  From the controller you can play/pause, fast forward / rewind (via slider bar), back up 10 seconds, turn the volume up or down, change audio and subtitle settings, or put the video back on your phone.  The cool thing about Chromecast too is that if I start a movie with my iPhone and leave home, my wife can open her app and it will put a blue banner across the top of the screen.  If she were to ignore it she can just go about watching videos on iPhone, but if she clicks the blue banner, it will launch the controller at which point she can control what I casted on the TV.  Another cool feature, if you get more than one of these.  You could start watching a movie on the couch and decide you want to finish it in the bedroom.  All you've got to do is hit the cast button and tell it where to go and your movie will pick up right where you left off on your other device.  I mostly use mine with Netflix but have also enjoyed using it with YouTube, and even Google Play Music.  Oh yeah, almost forgot!  You can NOT browse the internet with Chromecast!  If you have a PC with Chrome you can "Cast a tab" which will make your TV mirror your computer screen just on the Chrome Tab.  In that case, you are steaming from your PC to the Chromecast and not getting info directly from the inet.  Hope this was informative!
I had a Roku for a while, enjoyed it, but had trouble finding an adapter when mine when out. Netflix employee recommended Chromecast, so I was excited to get one for Christmas!Unfortunately I've been seriously disappointed.Connection seems to be extremely spotty. We'll Cast two episodes of Game of Thrones, and then click to the next..."No devices found." Um....Other times my iPod will start out claiming it doesn't find a device, and after clicking into Chromecast and trying sitting directly next to the device...sometimes I can get it to recognize and work, other times not. It's a pain in the butt and a waste of time to try getting it to work. Another app claims to use it but needs the device 'whitelisted". I haven't explore that any further since Chromecast itself is enough of a pain.so it works...sometimes...but if I need to back up a video 10-30 seconds because the phone rang or I had to pause because the laptop battery was dying....it doesn't seem to allow that. It just starts right back up from where I paused it, won't let me rewind.My partner has an Apple TV and I want one of those instead. Has a MUCH huger range of options beyond just Netflix and Youtube, has a remote so you can access them directly instead of draining the battery on your laptop or dealing with a poor connection to an iPod.Oh, and let's also state that yes I tried contacting tech support about my problems, but they just included a form email with links to FAQ stuff which was already unhelpful. I would like to talk to someone about the intermittent nature of my problem.I'm quite cheap and don't spend money on technology..but this thing is annoying me enough I plant get rid of it and buy an Apple TV. Don't waste your money on an unreliable product that has limited options when it DOES decide to work.
Keeping it short.The item itself and how it is set up is great. Its easy to do and installing the device to your TV only takes a few moments. Downloading the file that allows you to use the Chrome browser is also easy and painless. It also is very discrete. Its small, a little longer and wider than a normal sized flash drive. The wires can be long or short and it has the ability to use the USB port on your TV as a power supply, no long cord across the floor. 5 stars for all that.The application itself though, that is where the device hurts for me. My biggest issue was the LAG. It was slow and unresponsive at times which is really annoying. In the end it would work but a a large majority of the times I tried to set it up for HBOGo, Netflix, or Browser streaming, it would freeze completely or take long enough to load that I would turn it off all together out of frustration. So, LAG and unresponsiveness was a huge issue for me.Now for supported feature. Simply put, there isn't enough. I would suspect over the next year this thing will become an awesome alternative with lots of applications and supporting feeds.Overall, I am disappointed and would tell you that this device is in a public Beta Phase. They will see responses like mine and adjust accordingly. This is google and I believe this product is on its way to becoming something great but right now, its a weak competitor. If it works great for you, awesome. I would suspect there are a lot more people like me than people who have a flawless device.Ending advice: Buy if you want but I would recommend following its progress and plan on this being a must have item for the 2014 holiday season. By then the kinks will be worked out and many more streaming sites will be available, (Insert sports network here), Anime streaming, news outlets, etc. This is a great invention but it is still working through its shortcomings.
I was very pleased that Google came out with such an elegant and simple solution for those of us cord-cutters who don't have cable but like to watch YouTube and such on a large (non-smart) TV. I bought one of these for my brother (who had just gotten his first Android smartphone), and he ended up buying me one the next year, probably since I seemed to excited about him using his.For the most part, this little dongle does exactly what it's supposed to do. It's a bit heavy and clunky for a dongle, and I was disappointed to see that it requires a USB power source, rather than getting power from HDMI as some products do. It also gets a bit warm and has a bright light. All of these are minor gripes, since it just sits on the back of my TV and does its thing. Setup was pretty easy and will take about 5-15 minutes depending on tech level and the device you're connecting it to. I connected my laptop, and android smartphone, and an android tablet.Most content streams well, though there is about a 10-20 second delay at first. I have used it for Pandora, YouTube, Netflix, Google Play Music, and maybe a few other apps. My only major complaint is that, at times, the Chromecast seems to forget that it is streaming and will keep streaming even after I have paused or even closed the app on my phone or tablet. For instance, while playing a Pandora station, I will pause the stream on my tablet and switch apps, only to have the stream keep playing for several seconds, or, in some cases, indefinitely. This really bothers me. Sometimes the Chromecast will seem to forget what channel, station, playlist, video, etc. is streaming. Sometimes album art or other information will be several seconds behind the actual stream when it switches. In most cases, a simple reboot of everything will fix the problem, but it is frustrating, especially since I tend to use Chromecast when I am in a hurry and just want to listen to a quick few songs or watch a short video. For longer streaming sessions, I usually use the apps on my Xbox 360 or plug in my laptop with HDMI.I applaud Google for integrating Chromecast into so many apps and making it work on so many devices, but I feel that some more quality assurance testing would be helpful. I usually stream from my tablet, which is a Nexus 10 with the latest Android software, so I feel that there's really no excuse for bugs in that case. Another small gripe is the image quality. I don't know what kind of compression Google uses, but I notice that the video quality from the Chromecast seems inferior to my Xbox. The colors seem less saturated, and the resolution less sharp. This may be a byproduct of my WiFi network or some setting I've missed, but I feel that, since it's connected via HDMI, I should be getting 1080HD as long as the source provies that (and with YouTube and Netflix, it should be).Anyway, the Chromecast is a great product and very convenient once you get it setup. I think Google has a way to go with working the bugs out, but for $35 or less, it is an easy choice for cord-cutters and Android fans like me. If you already have an Android phone/tablet or a computer with Chrome, and you'd like to watch content on your HDTV without spending hundreds upgrading to a “smart” TV, this is a great option.
I have heard the hype of this item for a while now, and I wanted one as well since the price was only $35. Out of the box, you get the HDMI dongle, a micro USB cable, and an AC charger. The build quality of all three items are pretty good, it doesn't feel cheap, and can interchange with any charger and other micro USB that I have.Using on the Chromecast was a bit more trivial than I wanted. Chromecast can be setup with an android device or your PC, and setting it up to your internet is fairly straight forward, but beyond that wasn't clear. I was stuck until people said to click on the "Chromecast button on your chrome browser or certain android apps". I expected it to be more intuitive with how to use it, but I guess I was one of the only people who didn't get it immediately.Now that I had officially figured out how to use the app, I was ready to start using it. Netflix seemed to load up well, and then I waited Google Music, and waited, and waited. There seems to be a software bug when switching these apps from one to another. Netflix seems to have the best support and will work every time I try to stream that app, but Plex and Google Play will have several problems with loading and will even stop playing for a moment, and then work again.Overall, the hardware is amazing, and the software needs updated. As soon as the software and is the software is smoother, I will give it 5 stars.Pros:+ $35. Cheap.+ Lightweight and Portable. Able to travel with this device anywhere.+ Able to turn any Dumb TV into a Smart TV. Use Nextflix, Plex, and Google Play anywhere.+ Includes AC adapter, and uses micro USB+ Easy to set-up with both Chrome browser and Chromecast AppCons:- Usage isn't intuitive.- No real interface, unlike android OS.- Can't add apps to Chromecast itself.- If no browser or android device, then unable to be controlled.
To point out, I myself didn't need this, I use my Xbox 360 to stream Netflix and stuff along with my PC and other devices that I own, and I'm sure other stuff I watch wouldn't stream right for it. This was a Christmas gift for my mother, who likes watching Netflix and listening to Pandora but would rather watch movies on her TV than her PC. This was perfect for her; she wanted something simple to use, saves space and doesn't require much technical know-how to setup, and it's people like this who would probably benefit most from this. The Chromecast is about the size of a USB flash drive and is powered by connecting the included micro-USB connecter that can be plugged directly into the TV's USB port or into an outlet with the included adapter (I've heard it can be powered through some HDMI ports but it wouldn't for mine so I can't say as far as that goes). Note that it doesn't come with a remote, but you can use a smartphone, tablet or computer to control it (Android, Apple, Windows, etc.) and if you're using a computer to control it, you'll need the Chrome web browser to do so. Set-up is simple and takes only a few minutes.Once set-up, any of the supported apps can be streamed to the device in seconds, we've so far only used Netflix, Youtube and Pandora but they've all worked exactly as advertised. One cool perk with this is no matter what you're streaming from; phone, tablet or pc, you're not restricted to staying on that tab to continue streaming, you could continue to use the device while it runs (my mother loves to play time management games while she watches stuff on Netflix). The only issue we've encountered while using this is when streaming from her pc, sometimes it won't connect with the Chromecast immediately. We'd end up restarting the computer to get it to connect, we're not 100% sure why this is but we guess it's either because of Windows 8 or it's the computer itself (streaming from my phone and tablet works fine) but it's something to be aware of.We've been using it since Christmas and so far it's lived up to our expectations.  It does exactly what my mother wants it for, there's no excess menus or anything to go through to get what she wants, no bulky wires or gear around her room nor having to directly connect her pc to the TV, and she can use it without asking me for help ( she actually to it over to an auntie's house and used it there, didn't even need to ask me how to operate it.) While anyone who's interested in using it or would just like to have it could find use for it ( someone like me wouldn't need it, but wouldn't mind using it.), I see this more for anyone looking for a small, inexpensive device that can stream from some of their favorite sites like Netflix, Hulu Plus, Youtube and the like, but note that you may have a harder time streaming from sites that aren't initially supported by Google ( no Amazon Prime Video yet, and if you're like me and stream anime from sites like Dubhappy, you may be out of luck...), though you might be able to find a quick fix for that and I just haven't found it yet, or it does and you have to do something specific for it, I couldn't say.But I digress, if you want something simple to set-up and use, that streams your favorite services, and is cheap and space friendly, go with Google Chromecast.
The ChromeCast originally had some major connectivity issues, which made the $99 price tag all the more frustrating with devices like Roku and AppleTV hitting the same price point.  However, now that the cost is less than dinner for 2 at a chain restaurant, there's very few reasons to complain anymore.  It has three main features that I use all the time:1)  YouTube party.  Anyone on your network can use ANY youtube connection (computer, phone, tablet, whatever) to add videos to a youtube playlist.  I've had friends over and we all chose a wife variety of stuff, from TED talks to music videos to cartoons.  Make a "not two in a row" rule and you eliminate arguments over who gets to choose the next video (if you're super cool like me and my friends and that was an issue in your life).2)  Casting my phone screen.  This feature is still officially in Beta (like gmail was for the first SIX YEARS), but it works solidly as far as I'm concerned.  I push a button on my phone and my photos, apps, and even camera screen show up right on the big screen.  I've even used it to awkwardly cast Skype to the TV so a whole group of people could easily skype with the person at the other end.3)  Casting movies and videos.  There's a built-in netflix app in the chromecast.  Go into netflix on your phone, connect to the chromecast, and the chromecast will display a huge netflix logo on the screen.  Click 'play' on something and the chromecast downloads and plays immediately.  The stream will even continue playing if you reboot your phone, and you can transfer remote control between devices without interrupting the movie (usually, this sometimes kills the app and you have to reconnect and resume)One feature I don't really use that I can see using more in a professional setting is casting from Chrome.  Now that casting Chrome tabs works better, I've used this feature a couple times to cast a computer screen onto the big screen to demonstrate something or just to show off. Not sure useful, but a cool feature.
It does what it says it will do - but it doesn't always do the best job.  When you boil it down - the Chromecast is really a way of trying to make a non-smart TV into a smart TV.Does it work?  Sort of.So far I've tested it out using my ipad and iphone, my kindle fire, and my macbook pro - to mixed results from each.iPad/iPhone - I'm lumping these together as they both utilize the same operating system, and more or less, utilize the same apps.  The services I used here was Netflix.  Unfortunately, the streaming was smooth and looked good, but the audio was out of synch.  Essentially unwatchable.  I've heard that they've since updated the apps and the audio is now in synch, but I have not yet confirmed.Kindle Fire - This is my go-to for streaming netflix to bedroom TV.  The stream quality to the television looks great, and the audio is perfectly in synch.  Be warned that if you're using a first gen kindle fire like me, the pausing/scanning won't really work that great.  Additionally, it can be taxing to change programs, or start a new one up after your program has ended and the kindle has fallen asleep.  If you're just putting on one episode or one movie and then just watching, it works fine.  The user experience could definitely use some tweaking, and I Imagine that will come soon.mabook pro - This is where the device really lost it for me.  One of the main benefits I was hoping to get out of chromecast was the ability to "cast" my chrome browser.  This was supposed to let me watch stuff on my main television (42" HD LCD) in HD.  I wanted to be able to use it to cast hulu, or various browser only streaming shows such as cbs.com.  Unlike the netflix aps on my tablets/phone, the streaming was choppy.  The sound was in synch, but it was dropping frames all over the place. I tried lowering the resolution to 480p, but that actually lost the sound synch and kept the frame drops.  Bottom line - it's an okay way to cast your browser window to your TV, but don't expect a great experience.Bottom Line - it has the potential to be really great down the line.  At the moment, there are some positives (kindle streaming of netflix), but the the negatives greatly outweigh the positives.  Hopefully an update at some point will really make it the product it should be.
The Chromecast device, first and foremost, represents a huge value. It is the cheapest device of its kind and has all the functionality that most users ask for. The services I stream with the Chromecast are Hulu Plus, Youtube, Netflix, Pandora, and Plex,-Why did I buy this device?I got a screaming deal on a TV on black friday, also from Amazon, and it did not have "Smart TV"- nor did I want it to. Integrated Smart TV has never worked very smoothly in my experience. Poor integration and lack of updates means that many tvs have broken or unreliable smart TV features. The Chromecast is widely popular and support from Google guarantees that Chromecast will continue to add features and improve stability.-How easy is it?I was not experienced with the "casting" type of streaming, so there was a bit of a learning curve for me. However, after I became comfortable, I found that Casting integrated very smoothly with all my media. Using my iPhone or laptop as a controller, I pull up content and click a "Cast" button, which sends the media to the Chromecast connected to my TV.-Is it worth it?For only $35? You bet it is! The Chromecast will give you the best Smart TV package available on any TV with an HDMI port. Some may complain about lack of content providers, but what more do you need? Well, if you do need more, Google promises that the little "cast" button will be coming to many more apps in the near future, and even rumors that you will be able to stream files from your desktop (which I actually achieve with Plex right now).The Chromecast is the central media hub that I have been searching for. I had thought that it would come in the form of an HTPC or game console, but this tiny USB stick gives me access to millions of songs, thousands of movies, new TV shows, and all the media on my desktop.
I resisted buying one of these devices until now. My experience with "Google stuff" has been mediocre, at best. Typically anything "Google" (Android phone and Google TV as two examples) is shipped with uninstallable bloatware when it arrives and continues to be loaded with more bloatware over time to the point where it becomes unusable. Fortunately, this device doesn't really directly run or support apps, so hopefully google doesn't find a way to muck it up in the future (although they are probably working on this now).I bought this for the sole purpose of sharing my laptop screen on the TV as my wife and I are house shopping, and doing so in the living room is much more convenient than being huddled around a laptop or desktop monitor. For that, it does an OK job, but I think I would have been better off just getting a wireless HDMI adapter. The desktop it displays on my TV is not sized properly for my TV and there is no setting to change that, so it extends a bit beyond the borders of my (75") TV, making browser tabs impossible to see in full screen mode. This is just poor application development in my opinion.Much like Microsoft has always done (in true Orwellian fashion), Google has apparently made it difficult to use this with browsers other than Chrome. I am migrating away from using Chrome so this isn't a plus for me. I see there are ways to use it with other browsers, but I really have no more patience for hacks and kludges anymore - I want something that just works and works well and I don't want to have to mess around re-engineering it to get it to do what it should have done in the first place.What Chromecast does well out of the box as far as desktop/laptop support is concerned, is "display one Chrome tab" to the TV. That said, I found the desktop Chrome extension to be surprisingly weak and unimpressive. I have seen flashlight apps with more options/features. If I want to display my whole desktop (who would want to do that other than everyone?), I have to actually navigate to the "display entire desktop" which, apparently, after almost 2 years is still in beta, and experimental? Really? Add to the annoyance that it takes me 6, yes, six clicks to do this, several of which are completely redundant. Again, really?I noticed that there is a lag between my display and the TV, so sound doesn't sync properly and there is supposedly a "tweak" or "workaround" for that. I don't need sound for my purposes and, frankly, I don't want to have to apply a tweak or workaround to a commercially released product... I want a product that works properly and is easy to use. Is that really too much to ask for these days??? I imagine buying a google car that has delayed throttle, brakes, steering and horn, and being told "there's a workaround for that".I was originally going to give this 3 stars, but when I think about how unfinished and buggy the Chrome extension is, and how it really lacks any features (you can't even resize the display to match your TV, I really can't justify giving this more than 2 stars.Come on Google, you can do better than this...but you probably won't.
Let me start by saying I don't have cable or dish, so I get my visual entertainment via Netflix and Hulu. And even though Netflix is available through the Roku, or various game systems---I don't have any of those, and don't want them. I want fewer ugly, black, power-sucking boxes in my life, not more.So, Chromecast is small, and hidden---and the price is certainly right. Still, I hesitated. I was dubious about Chromecast when I read about it, because I thought I would be streaming from my Android phone, which seemed like it would produce a poor image on my much larger TV screen. What a dope! The phone just facilitates the streaming process. But I'm getting ahead of myself...I ordered my Chromecast, and while I was waiting for it to arrive, downloaded the Chromecast, Netflix and Hulu Plus apps to my Android. When the package arrived, I opened it, tossed the instructions aside, and followed the pictures on the inside of the box cover. It really was as simple as plugging it into empty HDMI and USB ports, turning the TV on, and firing up the app. I was watching something from Netflix in less than five minutes.So, unlike some of the other reviewers, I have had NO issues with load times, quality, or buffering when using the Netflix app. The picture is crisp and clear, and there's no skipping. I'm very happy with Netflix on Chromecast.Hulu Plus is slightly less satisfying. There is some lag when loading, and the delay when loading commercials is even more annoying than usual. I think this is more an annoyance with Hulu than anything.I've also used Chromecast with the YouTube app. The quality varies, but it's pretty great to be able to switch exercise videos over to a large screen.And then, there's being able to cast from the Chrome browser on my computer. Nifty, and useful for watching TV shows on the station web sites. I missed Downton Abbey last night, and was able to watch it today on the TV, instead of my monitor. The quality of the casts from Chrome also vary.All things considered, I feel I've more than received my money's worth from Chromecast. It gives a lot of entertainment bang for very few bucks---and it's completely hidden from view, so no ugly black box to add to the pile.
As an iPhone user who already owns a smart TV, I found Chromecast to be useless.  The only streamable apps available through the Chromecast app are Netflix and Youtube, both of which my TV (and my blu-ray player, for that matter) can already stream on their own.  Value added: Zero.Where is the ability to cast my phone's screen onto the TV?  Where is the integration with the iPhone's native Photo Album and Video Album?  These are egregious omissions on the part of Google for which there can be no excuse.  It has the feel of a deliberately underdeveloped beta product.  (Could it be that Apple has somehow purposefully blocked this?  If so, shame on Apple.  It's not like I'm about to go running out to buy an "Apple TV" over this.)  Clearly the "casting" technology is mature enough to sell on the open market; what is lacking is the software to make sensible use of this great technology.The only reason I am giving this two stars instead of one is that I'm holding out hope that Google will write updates to its app to include more services -- and I'm not talking about the other paid services like Hulu, Vudu, etc. that it offers to Android users.  I'm talking about the ability to stream free, commonly used apps like the Chrome browser, Photos, or Videos.  I can get all that other "commercial" stuff already via Roku, TV apps, and blu-ray apps.What I wanted out of Chromecast was a solid, versatile interface between my mobile devices and my TV, without having to buy an "Apple TV".  Google was almost there with Chromecast, they just need to finish developing it so that it will actually DO that.I can't recommend this product as-is to iPhone users.  If what you want is a Netflix and Youtube streaming box, I recommend you pass this up and instead buy a cheap blu-ray player that has web apps for about the same price. That way you'll get the bonus of being able to play discs too.  Do the world a favor and make Google finish developing Chromecast, before you put any more money into their pockets buying a half-finished product.
Installed it in moments, and it worked out of the box.  Intuitive, clean interface, with all the content I wanted from the net.  I'm also glad that Google broke with convention and took an open approach, working well with both iPhones and Android, as well as all flavors of PC.But I was surprised to find, one day, that it simply stopped working.  I reached out to Google's abysmal customer service line and had a robot walk me through a number of steps I had already tried.  When I asked for an address to exchange it, she passed me on to another person who gave me the same list of steps.  Finally, I got through to someone who confessed that they didn't handle returns (in spite of their warranty).  If I wanted to exchange it, I needed to go back to where I bought it.That worked without a hitch, and the new one worked for a few days as well.  Finally, it stopped connecting altogether as well (the cute error message says "Uh Oh" and "failed to authenticate" but offers no helpful steps to redress the issue.  The most frustrating part was the lack of good troubleshooting documentation online.  But it's also clear that the Chromecast product team simply doesn't have an adequate QA matrix of devices and routers, and Google doesn't feel the need to invest in a top flight customer service department to handle a $35 device.  As Netflix spun off Roku, it seems Google can't get rid of Chromecast fast enough....and it's too bad.  This has the potential to revolutionize the third screen experience.  I see a future where people have chromecast in their car and in the home, and even, perhaps, in the hotel room.  But, for now, it's just a beta, and you're the guinea pig.I would recommend that anyone who buys this product keep the receipt.  If it doesn't work, exchange it...for an apple TV or Roku.
I had been using the Hisense Pulse Google TV, which was extremely buggy but still served the purpose of playing YouTube videos and Google Music, capabilities my Roku lacked.  Finally the Google TV became too annoying to use.  Enter the Chromecast.  Obviously it plays YouTube, Google Music and anything else from the Google Play store.  Of course it has NetFlix, but I found the picture quality to be very poor.  Granted I only tried once.  (I still use my Roku as my primary streaming device.)  Using the Chromecast is different from what you are probably used to.  Typically you use a remote control to navigate menus on the TV.  With a Chromecast you browse your tablet or phone to select your programming and then tap a few buttons to start the program on your TV.  It is almost like having a very nice touchscreen remote control.  Once I got used to it, I liked it.  Setup is easy.  Plug the Chromecast into an available HDMI port and connect its USB power supply.  You can either plug the power supply into any available USB port on your TV or into a power adaptor which is much like a phone USB power adaptor.  I opted to use a USB port on my TV.  This means I have to turn on my TV first before I attempt to use the Chromecast.  For example in one  case I ran Google Music and then turned on my TV.  Google Music would not find the Chromecast.  I had to close Google Music and re-open it after the Chromecast was on.  Only then would it find the Chromecast.  Using other power option maybe get around this quirk.  I have not tried.  Now I just make sure to power on the TV and wait for the Chromecast screensaver before I attempt to stream any content.  One other complaint is the lack of mutlitasking.  For example one thing my Google TV did well was play music and a photo slideshow simultaneously.  However there may be a way to do this via a Chrome browser tab.  Currently the number of apps supporting Chromecast is low, but my hope is they grow quickly.  I am also hoping Google backs Chromecast much more than they backed Google TV.  My Roku is still the best thing going for streaming, but Chromecast has the potential to give it a run for its money.
We just got this gizmo ($29.95 with Prime 2-day shipping) and already have watched the latest Downton Abbey online, on our TV.  There are a number of web sites that have videos that are not in Vimeo or Youtube that we are interested in. Also audio casts.  All of these are now available to us on our TV (convenient) with Chromecast using Google Chrome browser.The video and sound quality is not usually as good as HD TV or DVDs but it has been quite good enough to watch full length videos. The most useful application to us is viewing and listening to media from sites that aren't included in Blu-ray or Roku (Sony Blu-ray seems to have more than Roku now.)Chromecast setup is almost automatic and very easy.  This along with the Sony BDP-S5100 Blu-ray player gives us access to more than we are likely to view.From a Cruft blog:"From the start with Chromecast, set-up is simple. You need a Wi-Fi computer to download the set-up software and here is where it gets good. I  think most consumer broadband routers come with WEP, WPA, or WPA enabled by default and before you connect to the wireless network, the device has to be configured--usually just selecting the SSID and key is sufficient. With the Chromecast, the only way to connect is via Wi-Fi but if it can't get on the Wi-Fi network, where do you start?Simple, the installer disconnects your laptop from your Wi-Fi network and (I think) puts it into ad-hoc mode so that it can connect to Chromecast. Once it connects, the application selects the last SSID your laptop used under the assumption that Chromecast will connect to that SSID as well (and you can change it) and then you can have the application automatically pull in the WEP/WPA, WPA2 key used to connect to the SSID. I didn't need to do enter a key. Once the configuration is set, Chromecast connects to your Wi-Fi network and the application restores your last Wi-Fi profile and then verifies it can communicate with Chromecast.Anyone can set-it up. I'd feel comfortable giving this to my mother and letting her do the set-up. I have a very strong feeling that the Google engineers could have simplified the process further by simply disconnecting from the WLAN, grabbing the last SSID and Key, and then reconnecting the LAN with out any user interaction and been right 99% of the time. It would make sense.Using Chromecast is also simple. I launched Youtube on my Sammy found a video and pushed it to Chromecast. Simple. Easy. Idiot proof."I've submitted 3 customer images to illustrate how to show full screen mode from a site like PBS (see customer images) I hope this helps.
I cut the cable TV cord well over a year ago and haven't really looked back. We've lived with Streaming Netflix, Blu-Rays, and OTA signals. We recently got into Amazon Prime as well.  The set up is simple. A Re-purposed PC for a HTPC in the living room and a Roku2 box in the bedroom for when the TV is otherwise occupied. We use the PLEX application (and server) to stream local content to the roku box ( and anything else with the Plex app) wirelessly. It works very well and I've no complaints.The Chromecast showed up wrapped in a gift I received over the holidays and set it up on the TV with the Roku Box. Here are my observations:Set up:Easy. It's all on screen. Read the screen and do what it says. It almost sets itself up. I had a few hoops to jump through due to some of the network security I have implemented but otherwise no issues. Easy enough your elderly parents could do it with little help.Streaming:YouTube - Flawless as it can be. Quick responses. No buffering.Netflix -  I installed the Netflix app on my Nexus 4 and attempted to stream to the Chrome cast. Again, It went off without a hitch. No Buffering and quality was good. Casting to the Chromecast had a snappy response.  (Seemed like the picture was better than the ROKU box out of the gate. That is, The Roku Box tends to buffer behind the scenes to improve the quality of the stream. Netflix streams get better as they play. Those who watch Netflix on their Roku should know what I'm talking about.)Google Music - No issue. Again, response was snappy. No real Complaints here.PLEX - This one I could not test due to me being too cheap to spring for the PLEX Android App. I'll be buying this once it's out of beta but many folks I talk to say it's working well.Cord Cutters, This will not replace your HTPC on your main TV. I've yet to find a device that will do that. Simply put, this is a great little device. It's portable, and requires relatively no time to set up. For 35 bucks, you would be hard pressed to find a better deal. It has not replaced my Roku 2, but with increased developer support, It can easily become my go to device for TVs other than the Main one. Crackle and Amazon Prime, I'm looking at you.
A little backstory:For about a year now i've been using the infamous D-Link Boxee Box that has since been discontinued and no longer supported (as far as I know), which is a media streaming device. The idea was to not have to use a Samsung Blu-ray player, or any blu-ray player for that matter, media software that is usually slow/sluggish and unreliable (poor connections, takes a long while to even bring up the application so on). This was supposed to streamline it a bit more and give me the ability to play Pandora and watch Netflix at my leisure.As time went on, "The Box" started having it's problems: No network connections randomly, applications and the device itself freezing, long load-times and constant interruptions. This is very troublesome as I had moved my Box to my garage gym, and as a result would interrupt my workout constantly where I wouldn't even use it at times.Then along came the ChromeCast.The setup (summed up in 1 phrase): A synch. You plug it into your HDMI port on the back of the TV, then plug the usb connector into the port on your tv, or it comes with an AC adapter that you can plugin to your outlet. It turns on automatically, loads and you follow a simple onscreen set of instructions.This is, now, my second ChromeCast (I received one as an x-mas present that I use in my living room). Both took less than 5 minutes to setup, including it updating itself to the latest version as soon as a wifi connection was established. I was then streaming netflix 30 seconds later using my LG Nexus 5 Android Device.The boxee would take at least 5 minutes just to turn on along then another 3-4 minutes before i could start streaming a netflix movie/tv show, and not reliably.You don't have to turn it off, it just turns on once you turn your TV on, so no waiting.I'd recommend this device for anyone looking for a simple and effective way to watch netflix, play google music, watch youtube and other misc things that it currently offers. This is the future of television. Google has done it again, and for a great, great price!
It works well enough for what it does. Setup is trivial, all you really need to do is plug it in and follow the on screen directions to connect to wi-fi and register the device so it can be found for streaming. It must be on the same local network as whatever device you stream from to work. It's sensitive to Wi-Fi strength and needs to be close to the Wi-Fi router. There is no RJ-45 ethernet option. It plugs into a HDMI port on the TV but only supports resolution of 480 and 720 so it's not true HD. Since DVD is only 720 anyway it's OK for that, but 1080 sources like BlueRay rips lose some of their video quality.It's powered via a micro USB port. Since my TV has a USB port for memory sticks, I use that to reduce cable clutter. It also has a little AC adapter power supply, which offers the advantage of allowing use of HDMI-CEC. That allows Chromecast to turn on and switch inputs on the TV when you begin streaming automagically, given the TV supports HDMI-CEC. If you use the TV USB port, it's not powered when the TV is off and the magic doesn't work.It has some limitations in that it will not stream local content directly out of the box. Since I have NAS running a web accessible media server I can browse to my Twonky server and stream whatever's there with the Chrome browser. Firefox, IE and other browsers aren't supported. That way anything you've ripped from DVD or downloaded elsewhere can be sent to the TV no prb. The iOS app won't allow streaming of itunes content, which I found odd. No Airplay support either, which is a shame. I think the self imposed limitation was probably added to mollify content owners who hate the idea of a universal streaming device.But for just $35 it is a bargain and requires no physical connection to the device it streams from. It's great for shooting YouTube, Netflix and Hulu Plus content to the TV, but is somewhat limited in the apps it supports. Roku and even Apple TV support much more, but are more expensive and require more space and cables. A current list can be found here: [...]
I picked up one of these largely out of curiosity, to try with my Android tablet and the bigscreen TV at my brother's place. I didn't expect it to see much use outside of my playing with it; my brother has a smart TV, an AT&T; DVR box, and a blu-ray player, all of which have Pandora and various other streaming options on them.To our surprise, my brother has taken to using the Chromecast even more than I have been, and he's told me that when I move out he'll have to see about getting one himself. The big reason: it's a LOT more convenient for him to whip out his iPhone and 'cast Pandora onto the TV with two taps (one to launch the app, one to send it to the TV) than it is to grab the remote and fiddle with the menus to find and launch the service from there. Thanks to the HDMI-CEC built into the Chromecast, it even turns the TV on by itself!And it's just as easy to cast Netflix, Hulu, YouTube, Google Play Music or Movies, or any of the other services it supports. No more messing around with using the arrows on the remote to choose letters (my brother's TV remote has a qwerty keypad on the back, but still), just use your tablet or smartphone to tap them in. With YouTube, you can even queue up multiple videos--in fact, so can anyone with a iOS or Android tablet or smartphone with YouTube, so you can invite your friends over for a YouTube movie viewing party and each kick in your favorite video of cats doing cute things.That's the real genius of the Chromecast: it takes the things you were doing already and throws them up onto your TV. And you don't have to worry about making a direct connection from your tablet to the TV, because it's really just using your tablet to prompt it, then fetching the stuff directly from the Internet itself. You can also use it to 'cast web browser sessions directly onto the TV, though I haven't played around with that as much. I wasn't able to get it to work with my main desktop computer due to the funky way my wifi network is set up.The Chromecast's big weakness is that it has a lot narrower breadth of services available than Roku or other such boxes. You couldn't even 'cast your own media until recently, thanks to Plex, and at present you have to subscribe to Plex's paid service in order to do that. (Though I expect the ability will migrate to the free version sooner or later.) Likewise, the lack of Amazon Prime support is another big problem; you can 'cast it from a web browser window, of course, but unless you have a pretty fast computer it may appear jerky.But more developers are making their products Chromecast compatible all the time; I expect Google will be adding more and more services as time goes by. In the meanwhile, it's cheap enough (especially here) that you might do well to consider snagging one even if you're happy with your Roku, Blu-ray, or whatever streaming solution you normally use--especially if you're a heavy user of one of the services it DOES support. Don't underestimate the usefulness of instantaneous access to some services, even if they're not all there yet.My brother sure isn't.
Our streaming needs are primarily Netflix and Amazon.  YouTube not so much, and I guess that's because there is so much searching and typing involved in the YouTube "experience" that it lends itself more to the computer than an iPhone or iPad.  Chromecast does not support Amazon, so for us, it starts out only doing half the job.  I bought this as much out of curiosity as need.  We have three Roku boxes and a Vizio TV with built in apps.  One TV, in my office, has no direct streaming, so maybe this could be an answer.  It's not, even though I knew it did not support Amazon streaming.If I use Chromecast with my iPhone, I have only the slightly clunky iPhone apps for Netflix and YouTube and no support for streaming Amazon even from the Chrome browser for iPhone/iPad, because there is no Chrome browser extension for IOS.  I could use it with the Chrome browser on my computer, but then it is limited by my monitor's 4:3 aspect ratio.  In short, Chromecast does less than Roku and not nearly as well as Roku.  One small change, though, and it could become useful:  Get the Amazon streaming app supported or get the iPhone/iPad Chrome extension for Chromecast.  Otherwise, it is too much trouble for what it does.If you are like pretty much everyone I know who streams movies, you need Netflix and Amazon.  If that is you, then the solution is simple:  get a Roku.  It has hundreds of channels and a real remote control.  If, on the other hand, you only stream Netflix, and you want YouTube on the big screen, then Chromecast will work nicely for you, although even then it is only a 3-star device because of its complexity of use compared to Roku.  But if you don't need Amazon, Chromecast might be a decent VALUE--$35 vs $80.
EDIT (1/11/2014): I am bumping this up to 4 stars. Getting a stronger WiFi signal where the Chromecast is located drastically improved the performance of the apps on the iPhone/iPad and the whole experience. I can't stress that enough that this device is only a 4 or 5 star device if you have a strong WiFi signal in the room where you are using the device.Still not a 5 star device yet because it still too often has an app that won't allow you to pause/stop the content on the Chromecast for whatever reason (dropping signal, etc.) that forces you to stop, reopen apps and click around on the Chromecast button until the correct controls for the content appear in the app.ORIGINAL REVIEW:After using this for the first few days I have a few early impressions:1) You need to have a VERY strong WiFi signal for this to work smoothly.2) It is a clever device and easy to use and setup.3) The price was great.4) The firmware update took 20 minutes at least. Wow (might have been my internet).5) The streaming quality was very good and didn't buffer once it started playing (when I used it on a TV closer to my router).We only really use Netflix, YouTube and HBO Go (Amazon, too but until that is supported I will just watch that on my PS3 in another room). So for us the "lack" of supported apps was not a deal breaker.I was completely frustrated with the initial use of the product. I was trying to Cast Netflix from an iPad 3 and it made the entire app slow, laggy, and terrible. I kept getting errors saying that I need to keep connected to the same WiFi network at the Chromecast.... and I didn't disconnect! After reboots and restarts I kept noticing that the Chromecast was showing one-bar on my WiFi (I have 12 mbps but the WiFi is old and has lame range).Once I realized that I get terrible WiFi in the living room I made the decision to get a better wireless router. Hopefully this fixes the buffering and app slow-down issues I'm having with the Chromecast currently (when i put the Chromecast on the TV in the room with the current WiFi router I saw a HUGE improvement in response and had no buffering.... so it seems pretty obvious).I will update to 4 stars from my current 3 stars if the faster, stronger WiFi signal makes the Chromecast work smoother!
I'm an Apple user and I purchased the Chromecast thinking it would be a cheaper alternative to the Apple TV (and that's probably where I went wrong).We watch a lot of movies at our house. So I wanted to be able to watch Netflix, Amazon Prime, Hulu, Youtube, directly on my TV as easily and efficiently as possible. Right now we use our PS4 to watch movies and access video streaming apps, but I have to interchange between 3 remote controls before I can accomplish these desired tasks. It's simply not that efficient.Now that you know why I purchased this, I'll tell you what this device can do or at least what I was able to do with it.~ I was able to stream Netflix videos on my TV.~ I was able to watch YouTube videos on my TV.Only the above video streaming apps were available on my Chromecast. I looked for a place to add more apps but I didn't find any. Not also sure if there are any more available, not yet at least.You can also stream your photos and videos on your TV using the Chromecast. But in order to do this you have to download the "Plex" app from the app store. Once you have the app, you can connect your Chromecast with it. Then you can upload the files you want to stream on your TV into the Plex app.The Plex app is free. However, if you want to do the file streaming thing, you have to subscribe to Plex. I believe it's $3.50/month or something like that. I didn't see myself utilizing this feature often enough to justify the monthly fee.To sum it up, if you want to watch Netflix and Youtube videos on your TV, or stream photos and videos from your mobile device to your TV (and don't mind paying the monthly fee), and you don't have any other device you can utilize for these purposes then go ahead and purchase the Chromecast. But if you want to do more, I suggest saving up an additional $60 and buy the Apple TV instead.This review is from an Apple user. My review applies to those who intend to operate the Chromecast using an iPhone, an iPad, or a Mac.
I could not set up the Google Chromecast streaming device to my entertainment system, using the VERY sparse instructions included.  I use a Motorola router, which is supplied by AT&T; U-Verse and must be used for my phone system/internet bundle.  This is a known product/manufacturer and not even mentioned in Google's troubleshooting guide list of routers.  Going on-line to their website and following their troubleshooting recommendations, then calling Google's "customer service" dep't offered no solutions.  I also called AT&T; and then my router's manufacturer, neither of whom had heard of Chromecast and could not offer any help, other than giving the spec's of the router and telling me to re-contact Google.  After waiting on hold, again, prior to talking with a rep., then while she spoke to her supervisor (who would not speak to me, personally), I was switched over to their IT department.  After explaining my trouble having the router recognized by the unit, giving them the spec's of the router and asking for their help in set up, I was told that because it was my router's problem, not Chromecast's, I would have to pay a service fee (I believe it was $49.95), then he tried to sell me a $15/month service plan.  WHAT???  This is a new product, produced long after my router and if it can't configure to a common brand router, utilized by THE major phone/internet service provider in the country, how is that my router's fault?  I wasted well over 5 hours on the phone and on-line trying to figure out this "easy to use" product, only to end up frustrated and feeling that I had been "taken".  Reconfirming that suspicion, a later call to Motorola verified that the information given to Google's IT department, would have alerted them that the unit could not be used with my router, without reconfigurations (which Google told me I needed to the router) that could affect my phone/internet service and void the router's warrantee, Google tried to sell me IT customer "service", knowing full well that the unit was unusable or would damage my router if changes were made to it.  THANKS, GOOGLE!!!  If Google will not honor their product, I only hope they will not give me a hard time in refunding my purchase fee - which I am fearful I may get nothing but excuses...again.
Got Chromecast for Christmas.  I loved the idea of using my tablet or phone instead of a stupid Roku or Apple TV remote which feels like I'm using a 2003 Ipod to control the TV.  I have been a longtime Roku user, with the LT, XD and XS. Even at the highest end, the Roku is glitchy at times.  I, however, do love the content it offers and the idea of streaming what I want when I want it.  I have also used the Apple TV and both are horrible replacements for content surfing while adequate devices for streaming.  Let me repeat, god awful content surfing.  For those unfamiliar, finding a show on your current cable remote is quick, intuitive (up or down for channels, its simple math), and familiar (decades of the same categorization and channels).  You can forget about quickly scrolling through programs or finding content easily on Roku or Apple TV.  Most of this is due to how to access the content and search through it.The first thing I noticed about the Chromecast was that it was so easy to setup!!!The second, it is quicker to stream than my Roku XD on the same TV using the same Wifi.  Imagine, almost zero lag and download time to watch a show!  No buffering!Third, it is extremely quick to find content on my Nexus tablet or smartphone!  Cast it to your TV, it uploads in a few seconds, and then keep searching for content or play candy crush, it doesn't matter, because the Chromecast does it all after its cast freeing up your smartphone or tablet.  It works flawlessly.  Imagine, being able to scroll through page after page of apps, Swype or use voice recognition and Google to find a show, and launch it.  You are using the full power of your smartphone or tablet.  This is not just some stupid remote app on your phone or tablet.  This is simply finding something on your phone or tablet like you normally would, as if you were going to watch it or listen to it on that device (yes, very quick), and hitting the little cast icon that will fling it to the chromecast.  Unlike Airplay, it is instant and fluid.  Let me repeat, the beauty here is that you aren't looking up or doing anything differently than you would normally on your phone or tablet.  So, if you are a power smartphone or tablet user (iOS or Android), you will be a power caster with the chromecast.  Sounds tempting?  This doesn't require learning a special roku app or comcast or Fios app to make it work, use your regularly supported Netflix, Hulu, Youtube, Pandora, etc. Apps that you always use, and hit the "cast" icon.It is also fun having a group of people together and if someone wants to change the song, they simply cast from their own phone from Pandora. They don't have to setup Chromecast on their device or anything.  Don't ask me how it works, its just magic.  If you have a party of 30 smartphones, you could technically have 30 remotes.Trust me, what Chromecast did that was special here isn't the price.  What they did that is special is removing the streaming functionality out of the device, unlike Apple Airplay.  The Chromecast handles all of the grunt work allowing for your second screen phone or tablet to be a supersmooth touchscreen remote that only searches and controls the device at blazing speeds. None of your RAM is being used to support Chromecast.  100% of your smartphone or tablet's memory is free to do what it always wants to do... Candy Crush while watching tv! j/k  (sort of)It has now effectively replaced my Roku on that TV.Let's not get started about Apple TV, it is a gimmick device with none of the polish of other Apple products sold to iSheep who blindly buy anything with an Apple logo on it.  Also, iTunes is also a joke where your content isn't YOUR content unless you hack into it and rip the movies and songs yourself using things like doubletwist. If that's you, then you should only read this "Chromecast does not have an Apple logo" and ascertain that it is garbage because of that.My biggest issue with Chromecast is the lack of Amazon Prime support unless casting from a laptop. However, for the price (even though I didn't buy mine) this device can't be beat.  I will even go as far as saying that even at the same price, I would prefer the Chromecast to my HD Roku device.
I am so sad to write this review. I had really high expectations for the Chromecast, but alas, we are sending it back. Despite having our ISP send us a new, better wireless router, a lengthy conversation with Google support staff (for the record, they were wonderful) and several hours of extremely frustrating independent troubleshooting, we could not get the Chromecast to connect to our network for any length of time. It worked for a couple minutes  here and there, I think the longest we ever got it to work was for like an hour--and let me tell you, that hour was BLISS, but it would always disconnect and we'd spend a long time trying to reconnect.I read and heard a lot of conflicting information including:1. Verizon FiOS routers don't "technically" support Chromecast.This was directly from the mouth of Google tech support. She explained that it may work, which attributed our on-again, off-again connection, but that we'd have to do a lot of network re-configuring to our router security settings for it to work long-term and even then it isn't "technically" supported. BOO!!2. Chromecast has a horrible network card and will have a hard time connecting to the router unless it's really close by.Sadly for us, our router is on a different level of our home and despite having a WiFi range extender, it just wouldn't connect to it.3. Chromecast only supports a 2.4ghz wireless signal.Which means if you have a 5ghz or dual-band router, the 5ghz signal could interfere with the Chromecast and cause it not to work.4. Chromecast only supports WEP security.If you have WPA or WPA2 security, it won't work.So, overall I'm extremely disappointed. I'm giving 2 stars because I feel that Google customer support was helpful, friendly and easy to reach. Furthermore, for the rare instances when it actually connected and worked, this thing is awesome. Maybe one day I'll buy it again, but for now I'm returning it.
Even at its relatively cheap price, I still struggle to see the value in this thing if you already own a Roku, smart TV, game console, Apple TV, etc. If somehow you don't have any of the above in 2014, then this will do the job and allow you to stream Netflix, Hulu, and YouTube by receiving it from your laptop, phone or tablet--but be sure that your device is compatible, as there are still a lot of kinks that Google has yet to work out in terms of compatibility. Amazon video or many other apps that devices like Roku allow are not available.It's fully capable of streaming all of your local media from all of your devices, but Google blocks this ability and offers no alternative of their own, not yet anyway. Google has crippled this technology, as this device is capable of so much more. Even if it could stream anything and everything on your devices, I already have HDMI cables for my phone and laptop (even cheaper solutions), so again, I don't see the value in owning this device unless you don't have a smart TV and/or devices that are already capable of streaming video.EDIT: Well, I'm revising this review as Google has since addressed many of my concerns with the release of the Chromecast SDK. Additionally, compatibility has improved and there are quite a few apps that support Chromecast (including Aereo soon), now making it a viable competitor to Roku. I also prefer using my existing mobile device as a remote control rather than having yet another remote. Additionally, using the app's interface on my phone is far easier to me than navigating it on the TV with a little remote.I don't feel there is anything mind-blowing that developers have done yet, but the ability to stream local media is a huge plus that bumps my original rating up by a few stars. I'm excited to see what others can do with the SDK. I think there is a lot of untapped potential and it's a steal of a deal for what you may get in the future, and it's quite good for what you get out of the box as well.Amazon Instant Video is still not supported, which is a shame, but I have other devices that can stream this, so it's not a dealbreaker. Tabcasting needs work and is quite a memory hog on the PC, but I've primarily been using it to stream Comcast Xfinity (live TV channels, on demand content) and it generally works well with a few hiccups.Overall, I'm glad that Google has listened and that things are looking up for the Chromecast. Hopefully the support continues and we'll also continue to see new apps churn out for the device.
For those who want a bottom line: This device works excellently with apps that support it directly (i.e. Netflix, YouTube, etc.), but the quality of the tabbed streaming and playing of local files is going to depend on your Internet connection speed and how you're using Chromecast.To reiterate in more detail, Netflix and YouTube are absolutely beautiful on Chromecast. It's seamless, and the interface is pretty convenient, although I've had a couple frustrations pausing videos using my tablet or laptop after they've gone into sleep mode. I've been using Chromecast for Netflix over my Roku 2, since it's capable of streaming in 1080p.A popular complaint I've read about Chromecast is its inability to directly stream local files, but a simple workaround is to drag the desired file onto a Google Chrome tab, and stream it to Chromecast that way. That said, I have found the quality of the tab casting to be pretty hit or miss. I've been using Chromecast for a little over a week, and in the beginning I was casting in "high" quality, the middle of three options. With these settings, I noticed a bit of a sound lag. Other people I was watching with said they didn't see it, but it bothered me. Sometimes the lag was more significant, making it almost unwatchable for me.After doing some reading, I attached the small extension that the device came with and bumped the quality down to "standard," and since then I haven't seen much of a lag. The picture quality took a small hit, and sometimes the sound is off for a short time, but overall it's much better.All that having been said, I am quite pleased with Google Chromecast. I am also getting a converter so I can hook my computer directly to my TV in case of further frustration or reception issues, but I expect to use Chromecast much more.
Beware, google chromecast is not as usefull on Mac OS as it is on other platform.  The promise is as long as the content is loaded in chrome browser you'd be able to stream to TV via chromecast.  In reality it depends.I have two of them myself purchased as soon as it's released, which I used to be able to stream video from any website to TV as long as the content is loaded in the chrome browser (even the chrome browser on a macbook).  Today, I found there is a problem in streaming, either no audio on TV or simply the chromecast option is not available in the browser, albeit certain web site such as youtube has a direct chromecast stream option now by clicking the chromecast icon within youtube player.While this is not what used to be, there has always been a problem playing youtube or any video streaming in chrome browser on macbook.  Searching on web returned some discussion shows that the issue is with chrome browser plugin "Adobe Flash Player (2 files) - Version: 11.6.602.167" (enter "chrome://plugins" expand details in chrome) which came with two versions, Shockwave Flash 11.6 r602 and 11.9 r900.  The odd part of it is the first version intermittently mute the audio on Mac when playing video but streams to chromecast on TV with audio fine, whereas the latter never has problem with audio as long as you play youtube on Mac but streaming to Chromecast via chrome browser will not have audio.  One way or the other you're screwed if you switch back and forth between browser and TV, unless you constantly check/uncheck the "chrome://plugins" to switch between the two shockwave plugins accordingly.The only way to avoid this hassle is to leave the second shockwave plugins enabled (disable the first one), while only use the chromecast option within youtube. However, for other web video site who doesn't yet have a direct chromecast option hence you must use chrome browser's streaming, you must opt to the "switching shockwave plugins".  However, this tweak has not become a "mandate" for chrome browser on windows PC, mainly because the "mute within browser" problem never existed with the first adobe plugin.This quick diagnosis has shown how complex the nature of today's consumer experience based on a mix of technologies from several independent vendors competing to each other.  It's hardly Google alone plays the "evil" here but takes Apple, Adobe and Google together to bring you a multimedia solution that sucks.  The rule of thumb can be led to conclude thanks to the collective "effort" from these vendor is to stay with a single vendor for everything, otherwise you're on your own.In the end, if you're on Mac, stay away from Chromecast.
So I've been hearing a bit of buzz about the Chromecast and wanted to see for myself.  For some background, I have a variety of PCs, Android (phone and table), iPhone (4s and 5c) and iPads (4 and Air) and two Apple TVs; while I like the features iTunes gives me to share media across devices I myself don't really like the iPhones/iPads (the wife and kids do) so the idea of having something non-Apple for my TV in my office was appealing.Problem #1 - the AC Adapter included was DOA and wouldn't power on the device.  As they are simply AC-to-USB blocks, I found one from an old cell phone and used it to get the device working.Problem #2 - I went through the setup for the Chromecast using one of the iPads, it all seemed easy enough but as soon as the Chromecast restarted it downloaded an update.  Once the update was loaded the iPad could not find the Chromecast on the network.  I had to do a hardware reset on the Chromecast and re-do the setup (which now did not need the update) to get things working.Problem #3 - I called Google support to get the AC Adapter replaced.  Dealing with their support was VERY easy.  They gave you the estimated hold time and then gave the option to have someone call me when they were available.  The call back came within a minute or two of the originally stated estimate.  The support person was very professional and spoke native English.  Unfortunately he informed me the only way they could replace the AC Adapter was to replace the entire device.  So after I did the troubleshooting and still got my device working they want me to send the whole thing back?  I told him I wasn't interested and left feedback that I expected more from Google.As for the device - once you get it working, the quality is very good; though the experience is somewhat lacking in that you can really only "cast" from within Chrome on the PC or specific apps that support Chromecast on Android/iOS devices.  I believe there may be some other apps (not supported necessarily) which allow you to do more from the PC.  Given the bad Adapter and the lack of features from the PC (which is how I was planning on using this one most of the time) I will likely return this to Amazon.
What I like about it: it's small, travel sized, only has a onetime fee of just 35 bucks works on any TV that has that HDMI( what ever it's called!) port.  Very easy and quick instillation; and I am not an electronics wiz.It plays just about any, yes just about any streaming video in FULL SCREEN on my TV from any chrome browser website.Also installing the chrome browser and cast extension (so I can cast from the chrome browser to the device and therefore mt TV) was not difficult for me.Ok now the even more convenient part, cast streaming video directly from your smart phone or tablet through certain apps like YouTube, Netflix, HBOGO and RealPlayer to your TV in FULLSCREEN.Now the quality of the picture on the tv in my experience is superb; very sharp very clear the large majority of the time. (See below for more on this)What I Don't Like:For streaming content from apps on your phone or tablet, the app must be enabled with chromecast or you cannot cast it. Please note: You can however stream from any website in a chrome browser.To cast from a website on a chrome browser, must be done from a computer. (This doesn't bother me but it may bother you and it certainly is not as convenient as from a mobile device).And I have noticed that sometimes the video cast from the website is not excellent and sometimes a bit blurry. I have not noticed this often and I am not sure why this happens. Video cast from an app on the mobile device has NEVER disappointed me; picture is perfect!ALSO the Chromecast needs power so either plug into a near outlet OR USE THE USB and plug into to your TV if it has a USB port,  I used the USB port on my WII and that works for me.
To those of you that feel this was a waste and restrictive consider who made this and what device you're using. If you're using and Apple product pretty much forget it.  This is out of Apple's Eco-system. Until Apple decides to support this (and I doubt they will completely) you should stick with Android or Chrome devices.  There's not much I can add to this that most people didn't already know but new apps are being added.Plex Media Server is The Saving Grace of the Chromecast.  I give Plex a 4 out of 5 stars for what it does it does it well. And that's broadcast your personal videos in full HD 1080p or 720p or whatever you resolution you recorded the video.  4 stars is for the additional fees associated with a Plexpass.  However these guys are working hard to bring you a one stop shop solution,so take that with a grain of salt as I see potential here.  One review I read spoke of this app already and I cannot tell you how correct he is about this app but that's only for videos, no music no photos for that read on.Avia is the 2nd App I'd like to discuss in detail because this is the one thing that most people complain about.  Broadcasting you're personal media.  But this also supports other DLNA devices too so it's not just limited to Chromecast.. It's a decent App and does the job appropriately but if I had to rate the app it would get 3 stars for the dip in resolution and only supporting specific type of formats vs all types.However I give the Chromecast 5 stars for the potential that it holds.  Given more time more apps will get onboard and I see the sky as the limit for this little dandy.So in a nutshell I'd say give it a go, if you have an Android device.  At $35 (there are small fees to unlock most of these apps but they still seem to be worth it.)
I really like what Google did with the ChromeCast. It's really easy to use, small, and portable. Set-up was a snap and anyone could do it. The apps that work on it, like streaming video from your desktop or Android phone are work well. Compared to using other media devices like smart TV's, Blu-Ray, or receivers, to show Youtube or Netflix, it's as easy or easier to use. I love being able to send Youtube videos to ChromeCast for display.What it lacks and the reason I knicked 2 stars. There's no way to show images from your Android Gallery account on the ChromeCast which for me is pretty important. I think this is a huge short coming and I don't see Google supporting the Android Gallery any time soon expecting that someone will develop an app for it but this, I think, is pretty basic functionality.The second star was because Google Play Music won't figure out that music stored locally on my Android phone is also stored on my Google Play music and stream from there nor does it offer the ability to have Play Music show only music on Google's service. I store music on my phone because I am disconnected enough and will soon be on a capped data plan that streaming is a non-starter for me. However, I'd like to be able to easily stream music to ChromeCast from Play Music even if I am limited to what is on Google's Services. Since I have music stored locally, the Play App won't even attempt to see if it's on the service and refuses to play. Boo.For both of these issues, I could probably set-up a media server to deliver video, music, and pictures, but I don't want to. I don't want to waste the electricity, generate the heat, or create the noise that those systems generate when they are not in use. I have been actively trying to reduce the amount of electronics that are left running.
It's great for Netflix and Hulu but as of yet it's a bit limited for my taste and the hardware at my house. I realize that it will of course get more apps down the road, but for me a big one that it really NEEDS to have is Amazon for streaming prime videos and content from my Amazon library. Casting from a google chrome tab on the computer is possible but it's buggy and not very satisfying. I still haven't gotten it to stream an Amazon prime video in full screen and it always seems to have problems with sound. Plus, having my laptop in front of me while watching a movie is a distraction and kind of unwieldy. I'm always afraid my expensive-essential-for-work-laptop is going to get coffee spilled on it sitting on the coffee table.When comparing my parents' Chromecast to the AppleTV I have at home, the Apple TV gets way more bang for the buck, even at nearly 3 times the price, provided that you have other Apple devices. An iphone or ipad significantly extend the  Apple TV beyond what the Chromecast can do because of Airplay. Apple TV doesn't natively support Amazon Prime videos either but streaming from the device itself via Airplay not only makes that a non-issue but allows you to stream *anything* even games, from any apple device. You can stream Steam games, like Bioshock Infinite from a Macbook over airplay and play it on the TV with a PS3 controller, completely wireless, for instance, while Chromecast is limited to what can be displayed in the Chome browser. Having an Apple device already is the caveat there. Without another Apple device, Apple TV will get you roughly the same capability as Chromecast, plus or minus a few apps.It really comes down to what you already have. If you've got a macbook and an iphone, the choice is clear. If you've got an android phone and a windows computer, then Chromecast is a much better deal than any other box. Eventually Chromecast will probably work natively with Amazon. I doubt that will be true for Apple TV..
At first it wasnt what i was expecting but after a while of using it i fell in love with it.Pros:What i like most about it is the youtube feature. Watching youtube videos on my 50" hdtv is way better than on my phone. You can use the TV queue to line up all the videos you want to watch so you can just sit back and watch you videos back to back without having to pick each video one by one after watching each. best of all you can put your device to sleep or exit youtube and surf the web without stopping your videos or your queue.Cons:Chromecast is not a full on miracast  device. so it wont mirror whatever is on your device onto the screen. it also means you cant display your phone's or computer's photos or videos either. Also if youre using your phone, google chrome is not supported or at least i couldnt figure out how to use the chrome mobile browser on chromecast. but im sure in the future mobile chrome will be able to work with chromecast.another thing is the number of apps that support chromecast. its very limited. and some apps dont work properly. for example the songza app will play a song for 10 seconds then start skipping each song uncontrollably however when i take the app out of chromecast it works perfectly. but like i said, its only time until more apps will support chromecast and work without flaws.I gave chromecast 4 stars because of the youtube feature and because i know that overtime chromecast will get bigger and better. also for $35 it is not a bad deal compared to other similar miracast ltems. however if you're looking for a miracast device then chromecast is not it. in fact i bought another miracast device to supplement my crave for a full smartphone mirroring experience. and the lack of a mobile chrome capability has me kinda disappointed. but still chromcast is good to have for the price. not to mention having netflix compatible with chromecast is not bad either.
I bought the Chromecast for the purpose of using Netflix (which I didn't have prior to purchasing the Chromecast) and to cast Chrome tabs to watch streaming video of my daughter's college softball games that I can't attend. For the price, this is a really nice way to stream video to your TV, if you don't already own a DVD player with streaming capabilities.The Chromecast forced me to move my wireless router closer to the TV; it didn't connect until I moved the router right next to the TV. This wasn't a huge problem, but it did require that I purchase a wireless extender for another area of the house. It was something that needed to be done anyway, as my family's use of wireless devices has expanded, and the router needed to be in the same area where those devices are most often used. So this is not as much as a complaint as it is something you need to consider.Otherwise setup was easy. I used the extender cord on the Chromecast because my TV has the HDMI ports in an awkward place. I also use the AC adapter for power. I turned off the router to move it after installing Chromecast, and it took a while for the Chromecast to reconnect to the network. At first I thought this could be a problem because sometimes you just have to reset the router. It just takes a few minutes for the Chromecast to find the network again, then it works fine.The Netflix app works very well using both a laptop and smartphone to choose and control viewing. Some video streams better than others, and I wonder if it has to do with Netflix. Some movies play well from beginning to end with no pauses for streaming, while others may need several, and at times, several within a few minutes. So I think this might be a Netflix server issue.The video quality is a little dicey. It may be the difference between HD and non-HD. Watching some TV shows, the video appears to be a little blurry. Movies are better, but at times appear blurry, then sharpen up. Again may be a streaming issue. The sound for both TV shows and movies is not great. I have a soundbar and it helps.I can't comment on any other uses besides Netflix as that is all we have been using it for since installing it on Christmas Day. I am happy with the purchase and look forward to using it often.
Hi all,Well got my Chromecast device and got the app installed on my Samsung Galaxy 10.1 tablet and am quite happy with how it's all working now. It was a bit glitchy in the beginning but after retrying I'm watching episode after episode of "Being Human" via Netflix.Little history as to why I'm so pleased. I bought a Sony Blu-ray player well over 2 years ago. It was a mess from day one. It worked well playing DVD's and Blu-ray disks but connectivity was always a glitchy at best! While other wireless devices ran fine in the living room the players built in WiFi was just not up to snuff. Then the entire player took a dump the other day and that was that. It's being replaced with a more updated Panasonic Blu-ray player that should be here any time now. In the mean time, same order, I got the Chromecast device and it arrived yesterday. I decided to hook it up this AM. Not one delay, picture is totally awesome and pixels are tight and fluid (the Sony Blu-ray player, when it would connect, gave me horrible issues with grainy and pixelation, hated it) so this is a total step up in quality for such an affordable price.1) You do NEED to have a TV with an available HDMI port.2) You do NEED to have either a USB port or an extra outlet plug (for using the USB to Wall Outlet converter that's included, either works fine)3) You do NEED a compatible device like a phone, tablet or laptop that can run either Chrome browser or install the Chromecast app. I got mine via Google Play store for my tablet.4) You do NEED to take a few minutes looking over how to navigate. While most of it is easy to figure out there are a couple of sticky areas that you will familiarize yourself with, like navigation (example: from wanting to switch to a different movie or show)!I think there are a couple of things that need to be looked at though.1) A proper remote with a screen that's specially made for Chromecast. I don't like having to drag out my tablet to control it. I'm sure I'm in the minority here but yea, don't like that.2) Adding in Amazon's Instant Video is essential. I mean really, this is sold at Amazon but Amazon and Google haven't yet gotten together to add the needed code into the device. It's kinda sad but admittedly I use NetFlix mostly anyways.Thanks Google for this brilliant device. Keep developing it!
First, I really do like the Chromecast Streaming Media Player. It has allowed me to watch movies from Netflix from my tablet (Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 7.0) onto my television, and for $29 you couldn't ask for more. Sure Apple TV and the others are "better" because they are compatible with more apps but for me, I wasn't looking for "bells and whistles" just something to make it more enjoyable to watch movies from Netflix. This little piece of technology certainly does that. The set up was easy, had to down load Chrome unto my lab top first, from there I think it was a total of may be 10 to 15 minutes for the complete set up. Once set up was complete, I opened the Netflix app on my tablet, started the movie/show/documentary that I wanted to watch, clicked on the cast icon and the video started playing onto my television. The only draw back and the reason for four stars is that it takes me two to three tries to get the video to start playing onto my television. By that I mean that I have to hit the "back" arrow on my tablet and then hit the "play" button on the video before the video loads and starts to stream onto the television (have to do this a couple of times) could be because of the Wi-fi connection. But once it starts to stream, just sit back, relax and enjoy the show. You can control the video (start, stop, pause, play, volume)  from the tablet and it if the video is in high definition, it will stream as such. Is it better than a $100 or more unit? yes. Is it as good as one that cost $100 or more, no; but it does what it is designed to do and nothing more. From what I read about the Chromecast, it is still a work in progress and I am sure that it will only get better. I am very satisfied with my purchase and will get another for my second television.
Imagine yourself dumb but then suddenly you got really smart, without reading a lot of books, without living a variety of experiences, and without any expensive education. Wouldn't that be awesome? Google Chromecast makes this awesome thing happen to your TV. It turns your dumb TV into a smart TV, costing you only $35, which is practically nothing compared to retail price of born smart TVs. I first bought Chromecast for 30 during thanksgiving sale, loved it so much that when amazon later listed it for 29, I snapped up another one to give as a christmas gift.Best features:1. Anyone connected to your home wifi can play or queue up entertainment (YouTube videos, Netflix, Pandora etc) for all to see.2. Once you play or queue up, say a youtube video, your phone is free to do anything, you don't need YouTube phone app running. Turn off the phone completely, leave the house, it doesn't matter. The TV will still play those cat videos everyone can enjoy. And some one else can keep the party going in your absence. Genius, no?3. Price, price, price. Only 35 bucks retail. But often on slickdeals.net and amazon here, you will find it even cheaper. I've seen it as low as $25 (for student amazon prime account).4. Simplicity is key. All your TV must have is an HDMI port. Plug this USB sized chromecast into that port, and install chromecast app on the phone, laptop, tablets whatever and you are ready to chromecast.5. Makes very affordable gifts that everyone will love and thank you for.Not best features:1. It requires internet connection, which means that even if you hate your job, you still have to drag yourself to work everyday to pay for that internet bill at the end of the month.2. It doesn't walk your dog in the 20 degrees weather.
Fellow Shoppers,If you have no *reasonable* means to get display content from your phone and/or computer to your TV, then perhaps this product will satisfy you a little. However, do read up on the product's limitations, because you will not be able to "cast" everything.On the other hand, if you already have (or can get) an HDMI cable for your phone and/or computer, then you can already (or will be able to) do what Chromecast offers and much, much more.  Plus, there is no convoluted means to get it there. With an HDMI cable, you're all set, and there are zero content limitations.  Everything and anything on your device (computer, phone, laptop, tablet, etc.) will "cast" to the big screen.Also, keep mind, with Chromecast you will need WiFi access. Perhaps most of us have a wireless router with internet access, I do not. I use my Android as a WiFi hotspot for all my devices that need internet connectivity (and yes, for me that works great). So now, using my phone as a WiFi hotspot I can also use Chromecast to "cast" (some) content from my laptop to my 52" LCD. This works as the product claims. However, I cannot cast anything from the phone itself. For some reason, the Chromecast app for the phone does not understand how to bridge directly to the resident WiFi hotspot. So that functionality is now useless to me. But again, even if it worked, it would have been limited anyway, so who cares. I can go back to my mini-HDMI cable that connects right to the phone (and TV).Finally, in case this is not obvious, the product will "eat up" an HDMI port on your TV. So make sure you have one, and make sure you want to sacrifice it to this product. Otherwise, you will become an HDMI jockey, which is one inconvenience most of us don't want.I hope this was helpful.
I had been eyeballing a Chromecast ever since it came out this past summer, but I was hesitant to buy one because I've purchased electronic gizmos like this before only to be let down. And those previous products that made "broadcasting" promises were much more expensive than the $35 price point on the Chromecast. Yet still, I waited to get one...waited for the reviews to come out.I received a Chromecast for Christmas (it was on my "list") and it was the one toy I was both excited about and not let down by. After all the Christmas hustle and bustle from the morning had settled down, and half the house went down for a nap, I took the break time to get my Chromecast out of the box and install it. I can honestly say that it took all of 5-7 mintues to setup...seriously. I had the thing broadcasting off of my Tablet (Galaxy Tab 3.0) two mintues later to my TV (Sharp 32" LCD w/2 HDMI ports); then I had it broadcasting off my Laptop (HP Presario) 2 minutes later; and finally off my Desktop PC (HP SmartTouch) 2 minutes after that. It was very easy and it works...like a champ, it works!But here's the one, tiny catch to it all...you must install the Google Chromecast App on all the devices you wish to "cast" to your TV. And, if you are wanting to broadcast off of the Web, you must use the Chrome web browser. And lastly, Google has not yet made a Chromecast App for the Galaxy Tab 3.0, which means that while I can broadcast movies, music, et cetera, I CANNNOT broadcast anything off of my Chrome Web Browser. But that's it...and that's nothing compared to what this thing actually does.Now I can watch anything from my web-based systems on my TV. For me, that's a big deal because my Wife and I enjoy catching up on shows that we may have missed the first time around. And there are websites out there that cater to our way of watching TV (i.e. CouchTuner). The only time I watch live broadcast TV anymore is for sports...everything else is from my DVR and now from the Web!
To be clear, my four-star rating is not because the device does not behave perfectly, but because there is room for improvement. My household recently had a dedicated home theater PC (HTPC) that died and to quickly fill a gap we opted to give Google's Chromecast device a try and now there's no looking back. Surprisingly, we've enjoyed better streaming performance across the board and with the exception of disc playback have been able to completely replace the function of the HTPC.Though it's true that Chromecast does not have the wide variety of apps available for it that its competitors do, the few apps it can run perform enormously well. The device has some truly stunning potential, and because of this I can understand that Google is being very, very careful with the content it officially supports. For those who may not be technically inclined, it is important to understand that Google is relying on third-party partners (eg. Netflix, Pandora, HBO Go) to supply direct integration, which means that certain companies, specifically Amazon, may *never* decide to make their competing products compatible with Chromecast. In this sense, the Chromecast device is very different from Roku and Apple TV which can extend licensing agreements with third-party vendors. Because of this, consumers should be warned that not all services they enjoy will eventually become available on this new platform. In that sense, similar products may always be at a certain advantage over this one.That said, the device performs remarkably well for what it does do. The "beta SDK" available for developers seems to have some genuinely stunning potential, and as a no-fuss content delivery device the Chromecast does not disappoint -- so long as your expectations are in order. The portability and inter-device compatibility are truly exceptional, and with virtually zero set-up besides simply linking the device to my Wi-Fi network I could not be more impressed. If Chromecast was never updated past today and continued to support the select apps it already does, I wouldn't complain.One other thing that really enamored me with the device is the extras it came with: a 6" HDMI "extension" cable, a micro USB cord, and a AC-USB adapter. Personally, I needed none of these peripherals, but it reminded me of the fact that Amazon's own Kindles frequently ship without even one of those same USB components for a measure of cost-savings, and in fact sells single, Kindle-branded AC adapters for more than half of the entire cost of this device. The fact that Google threw in these extras for "free" as a convenience to me, the consumer, has earned them a generous amount of good-will. I would gladly recommend these to anybody who spends time in front of their TV and doesn't already have a dedicated set-top box for Internet streaming.
This is a cool device and for the price I would suggest getting it just to try it for yourself.  But if you're trying to decide between this and another device as your one streaming player, I wouldn't recommend it unless you like controlling it from your phone, especially if you live in a multi-person household.There is no user interface.  It doesn't work without a phone, tablet, or computer.  You have to find your content in a phone/tablet app, or web page, then send the video to your player.  If you want to pause, you have to return to that player on your phone and pause from there. It's not at all handy when you want to start a movie for your kid and allow anyone in the house to pause or control it without your phone staying there like a slave to the TV.Spend just a little more and get a Roku (or Apple TV, or Amazon Fire TV, but I recommend Roku) which is a stand alone streamer with a user interface and remote.  You sit, pick your content from the box using the remote and user interface like anything else you would use on your TV.  Want to pause or instant replay, it's very convenient.The Chromecast is cool, works well, and I even find it to be the best tool to use when I have something I found on my phone and want to transfer to the TV.  Otherwise when just sitting down to watch TV, the Chromecast is inconvenient unless you're a single person that wants full control.  Also, good luck trying to explain how to use this to your parents.  At least with the full UI streamers like Roku I can teach my parents how to use it so they can put a movie on when babysitting.  The Chromecast can do everything, but it's harder or even impossible in some cases to teach them.Google had a great idea for a cheap streaming device, but they really skimped on usability not having a remote and UI.We also have one in the office on a conference room TV.  It's ideal in that setting because of the use case.  So just think of your use case before you commit to this, or just try it for yourself for $35 (or less.)
I got this as a gift and was eager to see what all the fuss was about. While it did not work on my Mom's older 46" RCA flat-screen, it worked perfectly on my own Samsung 46" LED (UN46D8000) using their Anynet+ TV app on that HDMI port.Once I found it (took some fiddling) the included Chromecast dongle adapter (for TV-mounted HDMI ports that are very close to the TV) helped me install the rather thick Chromecast device to the TV. I also had to plug the (included) USB power cable into a power supply and then configure the device to log into my wireless network. So yes the aesthetics of that USB power cable hanging off my TV is a bit off, but I can vouch for the clarity and the ease of seeing my video/audio streams themselves.I downloaded the iPhone App, Android App and the Chrome browser App and the rest was almost like magic. Finding the device on my network was very easy. The device itself comes with a beautiful HD screensaver, with a clock.I've been able to successfully cast Pandora, HBO Go, Netflix, YouTube, and any tab from my Chrome browser to my TV, which is marked "beta". Last night, we watched a 120 minute movie from HBO Go that had only one very minor, short buffering episode when it was Chromecast from my Android smartphone. Very cool to have a remote control in your hand from these supported Apps (volume, pause, seek (rather crude because your finger is so much larger than the play-head button), Netflix offers a -10 second rewind while watching.The only App that I wish they had was Amazon Prime! (Tip: You can bring it up in Chrome and then cast that tab to the Chromecast device but there is no sound. You'd need a separate audio cable to get the sound over to the TV/soundbar)And not having to hook up an HDMI cable and a sound-jack cable (for the TV soundbar) to my Macbook Pro is like a double plus: essentially a wireless video stream to my TV!So it worked real well for me and I hope it does for you as well!
A lot of people were wondering what to buy for Christmas, and tons of people chose to go with the Chromecast. Overall I would say this is a solid piece of tech. The setup could maybe have been a *touch* easier (for iOS it involves connecting to a Wifi network the dongle creates, then connecting the dongle to your protected Wifi network). It was easy enough for myself, but if my parents were to try to hook this baby up, forget about it... it'd never happen without me coming to the rescue.The one thing I did not realize with this device, and how it differs SIGNIFICANTLY from players such as Roku, AppleTV, etc. is that this will / cannot work w/out another device of some kind. Whether it's a tablet, phone, iPod touch, or another PC, you essentially tell the Chromecast to stream "x" and it does so without issue. The starting device (say, iPhone) does not have to keep its screen on, and essentially the battery does not drain because the show isn't playing from that device, but natively from the Chromecast. This is good because it saves battery, but is inherently BAD because since it's made by Google, Apple has zero interest in making their things (ie- iTunes music) compatible or playable on the device without significant work. Yes it can be done, but again, that takes extra know-how. I think this is probably my only (and fairly significant) complaint. I didn't want to spend $99 on an AppleTV, however, so this is something that I guess I can live with.All in all the performance is pretty darned good. I have witnessed a bit of waiting while it buffers, and it seems to buffer much more than what my computer does, but at the same time you don't have to have a PC on to make this thing shine. It's very much so worth the $35 and looks great for the streaming. As long as you're aware you have to control this from another (powered) device, and you're OK with this, Go with the Chromecast. It seems to have better functionality than a lot of others (including AppleTV).
Disappointed.  Here is a real review since what I found on the web was hopeful garbage from people who want google's favor. Anything "can" get better but I wanted to buy it now so what can it do now is the question!  FYI I had google tv and it sucked and I was one of the first to point that out too. All you can use is what google allows which is the same thing every wii, roku etc used when they first came out.  I think chromecast has 6 apps you can use and you have to pay for the premium version of any app to use the apps ability to even use the chromecast.  The tv ad for this is misinformation at best.  You cannot use a smart phone to chromecast what you see on your phone to your tv because the chrome browser mobile version conveniently does not have the functionality to work with chromecast (if you look closely at the ads for chromecast, you can see the only thing google shows streaming is youtube.  So if all you do is youtube, then this is good for you - but there is some dumb design even with this. You cannot see the movie playing on your phone while on tv...but if you want to fast forward, rewind, or change to a time in the movie you have to use your phone and basically guess where you are going to end up.)**The one thing it is good for is using a regular computer terminal running chrome.  It can cast what you see on your computer chrome browser to the tv.  So that is cool but but you need your computer to be near your tv if you want to control/enjoy/quality check what you see on your tv.FYI The Chromecast requires 2 jacks not just one.  They don't mention this either, but you have to power this dongle.  So you need to plug it into your HDMI jack but also plug the other side into a usb port (hopefully your tv has one) or to the AC adapter it comes with.  So again the ad misleads.  You don't just plug this little stick in and you're done!Bottom line, chromecast has good intentions but really has a long way to go, like google tv.  Roku and Apple have Google beat.  This is as of: 20131227
I purchased a Chromecast HDMI Streaming Media Player as I don;t have cable TV, but I do have WiFi internet.I wanted to be able to watch Netflix on my basement tv ( which was only picking up the basic TV stations, ABC, CBS, PBS, etc.I hate watching adverts and prefer to choose my own uninterrupted programs.Setting up the device is a little tricky!Step 1.  Plug it in to the HDMI slot on the TV.  No problem there. I had a slot and I used the supplied short extension HDMI (about 4") to connect it. Look carefully at the advert - in the small print off to one side they mention that you need a power cord. They actually supply a plug-in power pack that you need to plug into the Chromecast device.  Not a problem really, but make sure that you have a spare outlet.Step 2.  Switch on the TV and go though the modes until you find the HDMI channel you plugged the device into.  It displays nice pictures to look at when you find it.  Again, easy enough.Step 3.  This is where it gets interesting.  Make sure that you have a computer, phone, etc that is listed in the small print in the advert:Supported Operating SystemsAndroid 2.3 and higheriOS 6 and higherWindows 7 and higherMac OS 10.7 and higherChrome OS (Chromebook Pixel, additional Chromebooks coming soon).Be aware that if you don't have WiFi, Windows 7 on  your computer, or the correct Operating System on your phone, it won't set up!I went to the google.com/chromecast/setup on my WiFi computer with Windows 7 and was able to get through the first step, getting it to find and activate the device plugged into the TV.  I think that this is where a lot of people think that they have completed the setup and think that the device is not working.What I didn't notice initially was that a second window opens up after a short while to allow you to download the program that sets up the computer to put the little Chromecast App onto your computer or other device. It was hiding BEHIND the Chromecast setup window!  Once you find this and enable it you can use the device successfully - -for the listed places, like Netflix, etc.  Again very carefully read the list of what the device can do.What it DID NOT DO!I tried adding it to my Motorola Admiral cell phone, which has the Android OS 2.3, but it didn't want to let me Accept the App - just washed out the screen and froze up.  After a lot of playing with it I found a message that said that the device is not currently able to work on my version of the Android 2.3 Operating System!  So, I'm not able to use my phone to control the device. If you have a lower end phone like me then you may have an issue.Having said all that.IT DOES WORK WELL at putting Netflix, etc on my TV.  I can use the computer to do other things whilst the program plays, but I have to go back to the computer to control the program, stop, pause, etc. I'm happy that it does what I purchased it for. Picture quality and sound were excellent on my very high speed internet connection.You can name the device and then you could actually put one on different WiFi TVs and send different programs to each TV of necessary.If you have Cable or Sat TV it would not be much use to you, unless you want to view stuff from your computer or cell phone, but it does have a use if you do a lot of Internet viewing.Go the the Google Chromecast webpages and you'll find the answers to most of the problems you may have setting it up, and also what it will and will not work with at the current time.
Do not buy this device if you want to cast web pages to your TV from you mobile device.  It does not work and, if you search the fine print, you will see they say it is not supported.After installing it.. and firing up my mobile Chrome app... nothing.. no "cast" icon.  Found you have to install an extension... okay... installed it just fine on my PC (in my office)... so I tried to install it on the Chrome app on my mobile device.  Epic Fail... error message says something like "your device is not supported by this extension."Just great... dig more digging and found a forum... first thing on the forum is the intro post..."How do I cast from Chrome browser to my TV? (Heads up: casting from Chrome mobile browser isn’t currently supported)"This device gets two stars only because the setup is as simple as the advertising says.... And Netflix / YouTube played about as well as they do on all my other devices... So basically, it's a worthless little gizmo to me.  I already have Netflix and Hulu and a dozen other streaming apps on just about every electronic device I own.  I bought this because I wanted to cast my web browsing onto my tv... why web browse on a 4" x 6" mobile device screen, if I could cast it to my TV?  Well, that small detail is not on the main page of Chromecast, nor was it mentioned in the TV advertising.  Which I thought, at the time, this would be the perfect device.So I am very disappointed this information was so "glossed over", this would be an awesome little device if it really did what I expected it to do... and from all of the other postings I found all over the web... I am not alone.  :)  Also found a lot of forum posting for people having issues casting pages from their PC's and Mac's too.  Not sure what to make of that, as I skimmed over them looking for mobile issues.Sad to say I already knew this and fell for it anyway, but, the real lessons here are, sometimes, you get exactly what you pay for... and you should always do your own research independent of advertising, both TV and company websites.  I got bit by my own enthusiasm and trust in the Google brand, and failed to follow my own advice.So now, I'm trying to decide if I want to return it, or hang on to it and see if Google can really come through... since their forum mentions "not currently supported", maybe it will be in the future... or maybe I am letting Google fool me twice...  That would be really sad, as I had such high hopes for a very reasonably priced device..
Google Chromecast is a good product; however, it could use some improvements. Firstly, if you have a router that is more than 2 years old, there's a good chance that you may have to upgrade your unit to work with Chromecast.  Your internet provider should switch it out for you for free.  I have FIOS and Verizon just sent me a new router in the mail when I told them the router was incompatible with Chromecast.  Once you download the software from the Google site, the setup is fairly easy. You can even set it up with an app on your phone as I did.  Simply plug in your Chromecast to your TV, connect it to your WiFi, and follow the instructions displayed on your TV screen. You must use the Google Chrome browser with Chromecast, which is a con for me, BUT on a positive note you can open other tabs without disturbing your streaming. Personally, I like my Safari browser better, but the show must go on. When you open Chrome, it asks you to merge all your Google accounts, e.g., Gmail, Youtube, Google +, etc. Negative. Google get out of my business. You needn't merge your accounts to operate Chromecast, thankfully. I like that there is a simple icon to start "casting" (streaming) to your TV.  It's intuitive. I saw the icon and figured I should click on it and presto something started happening with the TV screen. While Chromecast streams like it is supposed to do, there are very few sites that are optimized for Chromecast streaming.  Netflix is optimized but some shows gave error codes stating that they could not be streamed with Chromecast, e.g., I received error codes with some episodes of the Boondocks but had no issues streaming other episodes. Perhaps there were connectivity issues with Chromecast itself.  Chromecast did freeze up a few of times while streaming and I had to reboot the unit, but no technology is without its kinks. We casted nearly 15 hours of Netflix and spent maybe 20 minutes total with rebooting (we had to reboot a couple of times on one particular day). The occasional reboot is not a deal breaker for me. Overall, it is a solid product and does what it is supposed to do.  Once more sites are optimized for streaming it will be an even better product. For the price, I am satisfied with the product and I would recommend it.
I have been a fan of Google since they came up with Android OS and they managed to deliver perfection with Chromecast too! First of all, you cannot beat the price. Originally, it is advertised as $35. However, if you wait for the right moment, you might be able to get it for cheaper. It comes in a relatively small box. Your TV needs to have an available HDMI port for you to be able to use this item. In order to power Chromecast up, you also need some sort of a USB connection. Most newer TVs have a free USB port next to their HDMI connectors. If yours don't, Chromecast comes with a power adapter that you can plug into the wall. The USB cable that comes with it is long enough to cover both scenarios and it also has an attached Velcro strap that you can use to contain the excess cable. I have the Verizon FiOS wireless router. The setup of Chromecast was very easy. I used my Android phone to set up the whole thing. You will need to go to the Play store and download the Chromecast app on your phone if you want to use your phone. The rest is just following the steps. It took me about 2 minutes to complete everything. Once Chromecast was ready, I tested it with Netflix, YouTube, HBO GO, Pandora apps on my phone. At first, nothing was working. I wasn't able to get any of the apps to start casting to my TV since the cast button wasn't there. I just waited a couple of minutes and tried again and it worked without any problems. I guess it takes some time for all the apps to detect your Chromecast. I did try casting tabs from my Chrome browser also and it seems to be working great. I'll mainly be using it for Netflix and Pandora.For those who are complaining about the limited number of apps available to Chromecast, I'm sure Google will be adding more and more apps soon (see the currently supported app list here: [...] For now you can use Chrome browser on your computer to stream videos from other sources to your TV.
Google has made it more affordable than ever to be able to view internet streaming content on the TV.  Not only is the Chromecast affordable, but I prefer to use it over any other method I have.  Set-up is very simple, just a matter of connecting the Chromecast to your wireless network, downloading the app on either a phone, tablet, or computer, then pairing the devices by entering the code that appears on screen.  Chromecast has support for 14 different apps as of right now, but more should be along the way very soon.  Google has had an SDK out for developers for quite some time, but right now is only allowing select developers rights to the full Chromecast support.  I love using my Chromecast to listen to music from my phone and being able to adjust volume, skip tracks, etc wirelessly from my phone.  The only problem I have ran into with Chromecast is when used with the Pandora app on my phone, sometimes the app will basically stop unexpectedly on my phone leaving Pandora running independently and uncontrollable on the TV.  You can re-launch the phone app and click the cast icon again, but it will interrupt the song currently playing and start a new one.  I don't know if this is a problem with the Pandora app or my phone.  Otherwise, everything else works fine.  Its nice being able to scrub through a show on Netflix or Hulu, as well as share a youtube video with other people in the room quickly and effortlessly.  As far as hardware, I like that the Chromecast is just a small HDMI device, but I don't think a lot of people have the powered HDMI ports yet, so that means you will have to plug the device in the wall or a powered USB port while using it (again, of course, unless you have powered HDMI ports)  Also, obviously there are no other output options, which should not be a problem for the most part unless you have an odd TV like me that has no audio output options.  I see this being more of a flaw in my cheap TV than the Chromecast device.  Overall, I love this device and it is totally worth the $35.
Let me start this out by saying that I am an avid techie. I own an internet startup and love gadgets. I am writing this based on my first experience setting up, using, and trying to use the device.I own several Roku devices, an iPad, two top of the line android tablets from top brands, one of the most popular android phones etc. My TV is a Samsung 55 inch 3D led etc. I've got piles of computers, notebooks, etc. I am an avid chrome user, I am an avid google app user, I am an avid youtube user, I have subscriptions to netflix, hulu, and amazon prime etc.To say I love streaming media, tech gadgets etc. is an understatement.I consider myself to be an intermediate to advanced user and can figure out pretty much any device quickly.Installing chromecast and getting it set up on my TV was fairly easy. Not much more difficult than setting up a Roku.And that is where the easy to use part ends.Everything after that is simply suck. I have used my phone previously over my wifi to connect to my tv for other apps and even watching youtube without chromecast... and the major difference between that experience is that it actually worked.Chromecast continually appeared and dissappeared connected and disconnected. I could not readily control the play of content like I can with a Roku remote and a Roku.Frankly figuring out how to use chromecast with my phone it was one of the most un-user friendly and worst experiences I have had with any app and with any digital media product.I would not recommend this to anyone. I was excited to start using chromecast after Santa stuck it in my stocking... but instead it turned out to be a techie lump of coal. It turned the thrill I had imagined it would be to a frustrating experience... kindof like sticking your tongue to a frosty metal pole.I would recommend Roku day and night over chromecast. Roku is easy to use, works well, and delivers a delightful experience.chromecast... is like the blind date from hell.However, I am a charitable guy and I plan on giving chromecast a second date... after the frostbite on my tongue heals from my first taste.
For the low price of less than $40, this is one of the best tech devices I have purchased in a long time. I use this device daily for streaming content from Netflix, Hulu, or Youtube. The addition of Plex enables me to stream movies stored on my computer. The quality and sound is very impressive considering it is over WiFi and most of my movies are in 720p or 1080p. I was previously streaming my movies via an Xbox, but it did not handle MP4 too well and the quality was not great. The Chomecast is far superior at this task.The Chromecast is generally responsive. Content from Netflix and other services can take a few moments to start streaming, but they pause and restart quite quickly. Movies streamed via Plex start very quickly - much faster than my Roku 3.When not streaming, the photo slideshow is nice. I sometimes let it go for a while when cleaning.As with any other device, there are a few things I do not like:1. It is WiFi only and I always prefer ethernet. Though I have a strong WiFi signal, a rented HD movie on Google Play last did temporarily change to very poor quality at different points. The pixelation was terrible, but luckily it only lasted about ten minutes. My HD movies streamed from my computer (via same WiFi) do not get pixelated like the rented movie, but will occasionally buffer. Based on the different issues when streaming, the quality change may have been on Google's end. Google may change the quality on-the-fly if network traffic between them and the consumer gets congested. This is a better option than extended buffering.2. There is no option for powering the Chromecast via HDMI, which I believe is possible in the newest HDMI specification. This may be because this specification of HDMI may not be too common yet. The USB power option is not too bad, especially since most new televisions come with USB ports.3. Though not the fault of Google (that I know of), there is no Amazon Instant Video app. Yes, it is possible to stream a complete web page from a computer, but the performance is generally very poor. I wish Amazon would offer their instant video app for everything. Amazon needs to make their service ubiquitous, just as Netflix did (I think it has worked well for them). Without hacks, I am not aware of Amazon's instant streaming being available on any Android device, other than the Kindle tablets. The lack of this app for the Chromecast may be a deal breaker for some.4. Limited selection of apps (currently). Google seems to have strayed a bit from their shoot from the hip attitude and they are not allowing just any app to work with the Chromecast. Only select developers can release apps for the Chromecast. Once Google opens this up to everyone, this device will be magnitudes better.Considering the cost of this device, coupled with its [generally] great performance, I can live with the cons above.Though very different prices, I cannot yet decide if I prefer the Roku 3 or the Chromecast. The Roku 3 is more than twice the price, but it has more apps (AKA channels) available. The Chromecast is new and slowly adding apps. The ease of use of the Chromecast beats the Roku's remote control (and the remote control app). Interaction with the Chromecast is via a mobile phone, tablet, or computer with the Chrome web browser. It could not be simpler. Though I do not know if it was intentional or who was responsible, but I can stream to my Roku 3 from the Chromecast option in Netflix. The Roku appears with my two Chromecasts - I love that. As mentioned above, Amazon instant streaming is not [generally] available on Android, nor for use with the Chromecast. Amazon instant streaming is available on the Roku 3.If you can live with the limited selection of apps (for now) and would like using your mobile devices as the best remote control ever, the Chromecast cannot be beat for the price. I mainly use mine for Netflix and I am totally happy with the purchase. If WiFi is your only option and the lack of ethernet is not a consideration, the Chromecast handles streaming quite well. If Amazon's instant streaming is a must, then the Chromecast is [currently] not for you.
I received the Google Chromecast for Christmas. I wasn't able to set it up through the Android app as recommended. Even though my phone detected the device, the app kept disconnecting the Wi-fi and then displayed an "unable to connect to Chromecast" error. I was able to complete setup using my desktop computer which has a wireless networking card.Once setup was complete, I had to install the Google Chrome browser. That is really the only downside I've found with this device. I don't want to use Chrome. I prefer a different, much more secure browser. But the Chrome browser is required. This is my main reason for giving it 4 stars instead of 5. It would be nice to have an official add-on for my preferred browser.After installing the Chrome browser and the Chromecast addon, whenever you go to a video site such as Youtube or Netflix, the player has a small Chromecast logo on the play bar. You just click that and the video is automatically streamed to your television.  It doesn't play on both devices. The computer (or app) goes into a pause mode while the video plays on the HDTV.The quality seems good enough. HD videos show crystal clear, sound is excellent with no noticeable lag, and it seems to stream smoothly. I was very happy to enjoy some Netflix original programing on my HDTV. One downside is that you can't browse or otherwise use the computer while watching the streaming program. Once you leave the page, the streaming stops. (Update: You can open other windows and use the computer, but unless you have very high speed internet access, it does affect the streaming.)My phone app did work once I had setup completed on the desktop. So I am able to control streaming content through my phone now. For $35, its a nice way to enjoy streaming movies and video.
As a fan of Google TV from the beginning, I have to say that I was intrigued by the idea of the Chromecast.  It basically sets up the idea that apps for your TV don't actually have to be powered by your TV or a device connected to your TV, but instead, powered by your smart phone, tablet or Chrome browser.  This allows for the cost of the streaming device to be significantly reduced, instead of the higher priced Google TV and Apple TV devices of the past few years.The Chromecast is essentially this:  a device that responds to commands from various apps on your smart phone, tablet or Chrome browser.  These commands tell the Chromecast to begin to pull the stream from your wireless router.  Some reviews I have seen incorrectly stated that the Chromecast is just a wireless HDMI device which relies on the tablet, smart phone or other originating device to actually play content, and then mirror it on the TV screen.  This is not the case, except for when you are using a Chromebook Pixel to mirror what you are doing in Chrome.When not mirroring, the Chromecast does great!  Just as good as a Google TV or Apple TV device.  However, when mirroring on a Chromebook Pixel, video lags tremendously, so don't think you are going to be able to watch all sorts of alternative streaming sites that aren't supported directly, just because you can mirror your device.That being said, more and more apps are being added to the support list every month!The only other downfall I see is that you still have to switch inputs on your TV to use it.  After being babied by the integration with regular TV that Google TV affords, I myself do not wish to use a Chromecast in its current form.  However, for those that have cut the cable already, and don't watch regular HD broadcast TV, then it's a perfect fit!I gave it 4 stars due to the lack of a coaxial input for regular broadcast TV to be integrated (as Google TV does) which requires you to switch inputs, as well as due to the fact that it lags so much when mirroring content with a Chromebook Pixel.
Like many of the other reviewers, I picked up this device when Google announced it a few months ago since they were bundling a few months of Netflix with it (making the actual device cost more like...$10).The device is astonishingly simple. It's no bigger than an over sized flash drive, has a male HDMI connector, reset button, and micro-usb connector. The micro-usb is for power since the current HDMI standard doesn't support power applications (even though it is capable). You can either plug it into the wall or plug it into your TV if you have a TV with a USB port (like many HDMI equipped HDTVs made in the past decade).To reiterate to many, this isn't a typical "local content" kind of device. It's a streaming device that is told where to get its content from via another device. There is no interface, no channels, nothing (well, there is a "splash screen" that tells you its name and what WiFi network it is connected to). So if you have Netflix running on your phone and stream to Chromecast, your phone just told the Chromecast where to get the video stream, the CC connects to it, displays it, and your phone is now free to do whatever it wants (even turn off if you so choose). There are pros and cons to all of this.Now as of December 2013, the application PLEX now supports Chromecast (only if you're subscribed to the Plex Pass though seeing as it's only in alpha/beta releases). This was done because of all of the people who wanted a way to play their local content and I have to say, it works amazingly well. You simply install your PLEX Server on whatever desktop or laptop that has your media, pull up the PLEX App (phone, web browser, etc.), select your content, and then beam it to your Chromecast. What's great about this is that PLEX will transcode through it's own cloud and makes your entire library available through their cloud (so you don't need to worry about network shares, security, ssh, etc.). In summary, you can bring your Chromecast wherever you want, plug it in, go through the setup, and then have access to your media server on the go. I travel a decent bit and it's nice to be able to throw it in my suitcase, hook it up to a hotel's WiFi network and play videos off my NAS back home.As for the set up, it's really simple. You install the Chromecast app on your phone/tablet and it does a step-by-step walk through and will have you up and running in a few minutes.And as for one last perk, it supports HDMI-CEC. What this means is that when you go to use it, it will change your TV's input (assuming you have a TV that supports it...which is most that have an HDMI port) to the input of the active device (your Chromecast in this case). Albeit you'll need to switch back to your regular TV input if you watch cable or play games, but it definitely does a good job at trying to get content to your big screen in as few taps, clicks, and swipes as possible.
First off, I am very much a techie...which was for better or worse.  I never got it to work, and here's the summary:1.  Device plugged in to receiver HDMI and powered up, and I followed the onscreen setup proc, which basically is to download an app from google.2.  Ran the app; my laptop could see the device for setup...a good start3.  The Chromecast apparently could NOT find my WiFi network...which is nuts, since the device and my laptop were communicating on it.  No "help" really available in the app.  No good help available online.4.  Called google support and their first tier person was of limited help. Said that my Linksys router was on their "known issues" list.  Said she could send me an email giving more info, but I needed to call Linksys to get further help.TIME OUT:  I have a WRT54G router...one of the most popular WIFi router ever produced.  And it is several years old...no way Linksys was going to provide tech support!  Waited for the email...which didn't arrive.5.  Fooled around w/ my router settings.  I have my router set to a non-standard channel (to avoid interference w/ other nearby routers).  Changed that back to channel 1, and the Chromecast connected!  I thought I had it working!6.  Chromecast device told me to stand by while it downloaded an update.  It then began to slowly count up from 0% downloaded, up to 13% downloaded...where it stopped counting up, and just spun on-screen, for an hour.7.  I gave up and went online to do a return to Amazon.  Which I am doing.8. The email from google tech support arrived in my gmail account 3 hours after the tech support rep said she was sending it.Jeez, Google...how badly could you do this?  How could you give so little help online?  How could your app have so little help built in?  And how could you possibly be incapable of working with such an incredibly popular router?  Or on a non-traditional WiFi channel (when I have NEVER had a problem with dozens of other WiFi devices)?  FAIL!!!!
I got the Chromecast today, and been fighting with it for a while now.First, I connected it to a TV right next to the WLAN AP and tried to connect to it. My Android phone failed in it, but I managed to get my win 7 laptop to connect. It took me half an hour and a WLAN reboot and then it updated itself but seemed to work. Then I could also access it from my Android phone fine and start streaming. For some reason the win 7 laptop doesn't see the device any more though, but that doesn't matter.Now my main grief is we have a large house and have to use WLAN repeaters to extend the network between rooms. It appears Chromecast doesn't work with these. At all.I took the thing upstairs, and hooked it up and it worked fine with my Android phone. Then I installed the program to my win 8.1 tablet and it worked fine. Then I switched user on the tablet so my wife could also use it, and realized I'd have to re-install the program as well. BUT. It doesn't work. The Chromecast setup program sees it and everything seems to be fine, but in Chrome it says Device Missing. And what more, the image from the TV also vanished. When I reboot the Chromecast, it shows the Chrome text there for a while and then nada.Now the funny thing is, after this, it doesn't work at all with my android phone or my login in the tablet.If I bring it downstairs, it works with the phone, no longer with tablet. And I don't need it downstairs.So, it simply seems it won't work with WiFi extenders at all. Probably the first time it did work upstairs for a while it was still seeing the original WiFi signal for a while.Just a heads up - don't get the device if you use range extenders.
I thought I was going to get more content with this device than I already had available through the built in access on the TV. (I get Netflix and YouTube.) Getting the device itself setup was easy enough. And, I already use Chrome for my browser, so I didn't have to install that to be able to install the app to "Cast" the tab to my TV. However, I have not yet been able to install it to my Kindle, which would make control far easier, since I could have it in the same room as my TV. I'm not sure if I'll try very hard to get that to work, since my test with YouTube was terrible.I chose a lecture video that was about 48 minutes long, so I'd get a good feel for what is possible. However, when I went fullscreen, the quality was poor. I could have lived with that if I'd gotten more than just a still image with the audio streaming along behind that. I'm still in troubleshooting mode to see if I can get the video to play, but you know, it's a busy time (two days before Christmas) and I don't want to have to devote a lot of time to this. From what I've read so far, part of the problem may be that I keep a LOT of tabs open in several windows in my browser. (I use them instead of bookmarks, which I never seem to remember to go back to.) If I can't cast from one of those many tabs, but am forced to close most of them, that would not satisfy me.Another issue, which of course, I can't blame the Chromecast for, is that I was apparently mistaken about how much more options I'd have available with this device. It turns out that Xfinity from Comcast, only provides access to the same TV shows I already have paid service for. Kind of makes sense and that would enable me to watch them at a time that is convenient for me, hopefully without commercials, but so far, I haven't found anything worth watching that way. I had been considering a subscription to Hulu Plus, but then I found this review about the 3 main subscription options (Netflix, Amazon and Hulu Plus) http://www.digitaltrends.com/home-theater/netflix-hulu-plus-amazon-instant-video/ and it turns out that for what I'm looking for, Netflix, which I already have directly through the TV, is probably my best bet!That leaves me disappointed that this device may not do what I was looking for it it do. I'll continue to test and see if I can get it to work better, and will update the review if I do. But, if not, I likely wouldn't recommend it. (I would have given it only 2 stars, but preserved one extra because Google doesn't control the service options that are available. It was my fault for not researching and understanding this better before I made a purchase based on assumptions.)Returned item. It would have required too much of my computer power to cast the video from a browser tab. I keep a lot of apps and browser windows and tabs open, and given that it wasn't giving me anything different than I already had built into the TV, I decided not to bother changing my habit to accommodate the device.
Bought this prior to going on a 10 day trip where we would be living in a timeshare.  Two days into the trip my wife had her appendix out and was not able to do much of anything but sit/lay in bed due to pain.  The Chromecast came in handy.  I normally travel with a wireless travel router, which allows me to have wireless access for multiple devices while only paying for one wireless connection on the timeshare provided wireless network. With the wife not able to do much and is not a reader, we used the Chromecast extensively watching Netfix and HuluPlus, used several hours each day.  Used both a Nexus 7 tablet with the Netfix and Hulu apps installed and a Acer Chromebook.  Currently there are not any Chromecast apps available for Chromebooks but the Chrome browser has a plugin that allows "casting" the Chrome browser tab to the TV.  The Chromecast provided lots of entertainment that we wanted to watch rather then the junk on TV.  The Chromecast worked without issue. The timeshare network provided 1.5Mb down most of the time but there were times when there was some buffering and when checking the wireless speed it had dropped to about 300Kb down or less.  Buffering occurred more with HuluPlus then Netflix. Netflix seems to determine the speed of the connection and adjust the picture quality accordingly.  The HuluPlus app allows you to select 3 different picture qualities but did not find this to work as well as Netflix. The buffering usually happened around 6pm when vacationing folks were getting back and getting their email fixes I would guess.  Would then get better later in the eve. Overall very pleased with how this worked.  Since so small, this will be a part of what goes on every trip along with the TP-Link TL-WR3020.  Most places we stay at (timeshares) the TVs have HDMI ports but the TVs are still using the old analog cable connections. The router and Chromecast hardly take up any room when packing.  I take the Chromebook in a PC backpack so will have room for these as well.I did not find it the least bit hard to use/setup like some of the 1 star folks report but I am somewhat technical with electronic devices and have supported wireless networks.  Reviewing the doc I would guess my wife, who is not technical at all and afraid that she might screw things up, would have some trouble.--bill
Just got one and liked it a lot at first. Does what it advertises. It works great with Netflix off my laptop (I have not tried it from my phone or tablet). I like that I just open netflix in a chrome tab, cast it to the tv, then I can do whatever else I want on my computer and still use chrome for internet browsing in the other tabs. The quality is solid although real big tech/video people would possibly feel the video quality could be better but I was satisfied with it on an HDTV. It did not work or look very good with youtube however so I cannot give it 5 stars. I think this was overall a great idea and a cheap alternative to the other options. I also own an older smartTV and now that it is old, it feels slow and a little annoying even though the newer ones are much better I am not going to get a new TV because of it so I think options like this are better because they are cheap and can be replaced in the future if needed.My major issue is that it will not stay connected to my wi-fi. Each time I use it I need to unplug and restart my router because Chromecast keeps disconnecting from my network. Even when I have just watched a movie on netflix and go to start a new movie it drops the wi-fi connection even between that with Chromcast being on the entire time. This issue is getting old and makes me question whether I should have just went with a Roku.Pros: simple to use, cheap, can stream from chrome browser while still using your computer for other stuffCons: Keeps dropping wi-fi connection between each use and even between changing netflix movies. Youtube had poor quality for me, it still needs a power source so if your TV is hung on a wall your TV better have a USB port or you'll have to run a power cord to a nearby outlet.
This device replaces the tablet I had to allow wireless streaming of videos to my 720 HDMI TV, and does it better and easier for most  features!While there are is a limited number of streaming services currently supported, with Amazon currently not one of the services supported. However, there is a solution that may work for some people: tab/screen sharing from a PC.Netflix and Youtube work very well. One of the big advantages with the Chromecast device is that it completely fills the screen, instead of letterboxing the way all my other HDMI devices play.Unexpected things that I really like about this gadget:1) sound control remotely (does not control TV volume control, but can set a range of quieter volumes withing the TV volume.2) can not only take control from another device, but it is very good about sharing between devices: I was able to play/pause/control/switch from phone, tablet and laptop at the same time.3) Very easy setup4) In 'idle' mode, screen saver is a slow changing collection of stunning pictures, which show off the device and shows the great quality of the TV as well.Set-up was quick and easy with my phone. The device starts up as a wifi server. After connecting, you enter just a few details, then the values needed to connect to your local wifi. It quickly downloaded the update, and a quick reboot later, it was running!I had to update a few apps, and install a driver on my laptop for Chrome Browser. This added the new icon to my apps and Chrome Browser.On the Chrome Browser on a PC, you can have the system display a copy of any one tab. Here is the great thing: you can hide the tab behind other tabs or other programs, and Chromecast will continue to show whatever is happening on the hidden tab!It did warn me that my network speed may impact the quality of what was being displayed.I would give the device 5 stars if it had more streaming/sharing services and wasn't quite so locked down from 3rd party solutions.The only other thing is that you must have a smart device to control the player. There is no ability to use it with a simple remote control that some players offer. However, the price for the features more than makes up for the few things it does not do well - or does not do yet.One more quick note: the device does not get power from HDMI, you must plug in the USB cable at the end for power. It comes with cable and wall transformer. If you plug it in to your TV, you may find that it turns on and off with the TV, and the Chormecast short start-up time is just long enough to plug it into the wall power.
I've only had this device for 3 days now so I'm not going to go overboard in my opinion of the Google Chromecast HDMI streaming device. I really like the device but I ran into a problem that drove me nuts for over an hour or so. The problem was determined to be of my own making, but its one that some technical users might encounter. Because I have at least 9 wireless devices connected to my router I had previously changed my Laptop LAN IP Address to a static address. By that I mean that I changed the information for the ipv4 address to a specific address, similar to 192.168.1.170. Ordinarily the DHCP server in the router would pick an address between 192.168.1.100 - 192.168.1.149. The reason I changed the LAN address was because I was experiencing some power failures and when that happens each wireless adapter was likely to get a new LAN IP address. I have always assigned static addresses to my desktop machines, but this was the first time I designated one for the laptop. Well to make a long story short, the Chromecast doesn't like that at all. Once I returned control of IP selection to the computer the device connected immediately. Moral of the story, let your computer automatically select its LAN address.The other thing is that you should follow the directions exactly. Don't try to set the device up ahead of time. This thing is great, but the setup can be a little fickle at times. Remember, if you ever hit the "reset" button you lose everything and have to start over again. I made that mistake once.As to its functional use? It's great. I called up YouTube on my Chrome browser and was immediately able to "Cast" the movie directly to the TV set and go on using my computer to do something else. I don't have a smart phone or Ipad so couldn't test it with that, but works great with my laptop. I hope it's still working like this in the future. If my opinion changes, I will be back to tell you about it.
**Read my update after only 10 days**I picked one of these up rather spur of the moment when I bought a new 1080 HDTV for Christmas and realized my old standard def streaming device would probably look crappy on it.The good:  Sets up and starts working within 5 minutes.  Very simple, if you have any experience with Wi-fi connections already.  And when it's actually showing "HD," it looks fantastic and runs smoothly.The mediocre:  As above, "when it's actually showing in HD."  There's the usual minute or two of buffering I've become used to on streaming Netflix when the picture looks smudged upon first starting up before settling in.  Problem is, depending on any number of factors, it phases in and out of this quality throughout an entire broadcast, and on the 1080 it is painfully obvious and impossible to ignore.  On our second night of use, the buffering with full-on frozen screen watching a slowly rotating progress indicator became so unbearable and lengthy we were forced to give up.This seems to have improved greatly (knock on wood) by rebooting my router and refreshing it, as well as moving it out into the open rather than under the desk.  Here's hoping that's fixed it for good.The bad:  While setting up my new TV, I plugged the Chromecast into the rear HDMI port, brushed against it lightly trying to squeeze past, and the connector bent 45 degrees in the casing.  I had had the thing for 12 hours at this point.  Straightened it out as best I could, plugged it back in, and seems to be functioning fine, thank goodness.  Just be warned, it's a delicate little flower to handle.  I would expect a Google product to be made of sterner stuff.However, overall the good outweighs.  It's so cool to make every smartphone in the house a remote (clarification:  a different device cannot take over an existing cast, but can start its own cast), and to say "watch this YouTube video" and cast it onto the screen instead of huddling over the phone.  I'm really hoping this goes somewhere and we see more and cooler applications with it.  I got this instead of a Smart TV and so far no(t many) regrets.10-DAY UPDATE:  Well, yesterday the Chromecast mysteriously stopped being detected by my TV.  No connections had changed, in fact, it had worked fine that very morning.  No amount of unplugging, replugging, switching ports or power sources, or factory resetting would make it detectable.  After talking to Google (who tried to be helpful at least), I got it up and running again on our older TV upstairs, but that didn't change the situation on the big screen which is our main viewing.  The Google rep said that our HDMI port must have "switched compatibility," which sounds like a made-up term for "we don't know what happened."  Again, this TV is literally a day older than the Chromecast, and it had been working perfectly fine up until this moment, or I would say I got a bad device (she tried to blame it on the TV being outdated).They couldn't help me, I'm back to using the old RCA Roku-like device, but I'll hold onto the Cast in case an update comes through or something.  Of course, that will require Google admitting they sent a glitchy device to market prematurely, but I doubt I'll be able to return it since it technically works on one TV.  Very, very, very disappointed.
Background: I recently purchased a Chromecast after doing a bit of research into new ways to connect my devices (desktop, phone, and tablet) to my TV. Before I moved, I had my computer connected directly to my TV through an HDMI cable, but due to the layout of my new apartment, that was not going to be feasible. I looked at products such as the Roku and the Western Digital equivalent, but I couldn't bring myself to purchase those devices at the price they set, knowing that I could basically do the same thing on my PS3.Setup: When I received the item in the mail, I was eager to get it hooked up so that I could try it out. While the commercials don't show it, I would like to point out that there is a power cable that you must use to hook the dongle up to either a usb port or a wall outlet (via a provided adapter). Some people may be able to just plug in the dongle without the need to hook it up to another power source, but this all depends on your TV. It is safe to just assume that you will have to attach a cord to the dongle. Setup itself is a breeze, although I was having issues setting the device up from my PC, so I just used my phone.Use: The device is really simple to use - all you have to do is press the cast button on supported apps and wait for it to switch over! The list seems kind of small right now, but I'm not sure how many more apps really need to be integrated. I wish that Showtime supported it, but I'm not surprised that they do not since their app is already rather dismal. However, HBO Go and Netflix worked like a charm. I had a minor issue with Netflix freezing while initially loading, so I just had to stop the cast and restart it. One of my favorite features is that I can continue to use my device while it is casting content to my TV - every multitasker's dream! Also worth noting is that you can get an add-on for Chrome that allows you to stream from your browser. While I thought that this might solve the Showtime problem, there was still a slight problem - the video will not be cast if you maximize the screen. For those of us with media files on our computer that we would like to watch, the add-on makes this simple! Simply locate the file that you want to cast and copy it's local address into the URL bar of Chrome (e.g. C:\Users\Josh\Videos\sample.avi). Hit enter and the video will start playing. Simply cast this tab to your dongle, and you're set. You can even maximize the screen if you choose.Additional thoughts: For some reason, I really enjoy the simple screen saver that Chromecast displays while it's not in use. Maybe it's the clock that is on the screen. Also, there is an extension arm in the box if your dongle is getting a poor signal or if your HDMI port is at an inconvenient angle.All in all, this is definitely a product to invest in, especially if you are thinking about cutting the cable. I strongly recommend it.
There's plenty of media streaming devices out there but probably the most popular are the Google Chromecast, Amazon Fire Stick, Roku, and in addition to those there are tons of others.I picked up a Google Chromecast after some thought and evaluation among all of these choices - two of the biggest reasons being the popularity of the Google Chromecast as well as its amazingly cheap price, around $30 to $35 when I bought it.The Chromecast is hard to beat, being a simple, cheap and very popular media streaming device, controlled via your tablet, phone, or a desktop or laptop computer.That's it, pretty simple, huh?  It seems that way but for the price it does pack a lot of ability.The Chromecast runs on software based loosely on some developed for Google TV, according to a group of hackers who disassembled it's software.  The hardware, all on one little board; is a 'system on a chip', with 802.11b/g/n Wi-Fi, 512 MB of RAM and 2 Gig of flash memory, a male HDMI plug on one end, and a micro-USB port and LED and button on the other end, all packaged in a black case much smaller than the palm of your hand.In the current world of streaming video devices Chromecast is likely the most popular right at the moment (mid-2015), and indeed Google has stated that Chromecasts have handled over a billion stream requests with over ten million units sold in 2014.That's a heck of a lot for sure.For the relatively small coinage you get the ability to 'cast' from nearly any even faintly 'smart' device to most any modern TV or monitor via HDMI and with up to full 1080p capability. And it is possible to use it with older TV's that do not have HDMI, via adapters and converters.As I said above; there are other similar devices like Amazon's Fire Stick, the Roku, and tons of other ones as well as clones of the Chromecast and other devices that are Miracast-compatible (Miracast is just a standardized data transfer protocol for sending streaming data over WiFi).As a tech person I had a familiarity with Chromecast, as well as other standalone streaming devices.On our home network we have two desktops, two tablets, an iPod, our Smart TV, dumb TV's, Android smart phones, two DVD players, a server, and a few miscellaneous remote webcam and test computers connected, with most able to stream from and to most of the other devices.It sounds good in theory but leaves a lot of to be desired in practice.I hear people give others advice on tech, or advise me - and many times people's resolutions make the solution an even bigger pain in the rear.  It may work fine - but I want a simple way to do things, not a complex solution that I have to carry out every time I want to do something.  Technology should make things easier, and I don't want to Rube Goldberg what should be a simple task into something complicated.So unfortunately the apps on our Samsung smart TV frankly suck, and the DVD player apps aren't much better - one can only stream from the Internet, not from our network.  One computer connected to the TV handles most of the sharing work for that TV but it's a pain to have to control things via computer - even with nice little remote control apps and wireless mice and remotes.  Through into the mix our exercise room TV which I had for a time connected to the network via a decrepit junkheap of a computer I had lying around.  I have better things to do with my computers than having them used just for multimedia once in a while, and I have better things to do then to be plugging in, unplugging, connecting mice and apps, and generally finagling things around.  And then we have a bedroom TV, and a computer room TV - both of which we want the choice to stream everything to without connecting them to computers or other devices.So it was a Chromecast to the rescue.Inside the box is a little warranty info, the Chromecast itself, an HDMI extender, a USB power cable, and a power transformer with a USB port.  Just as simple as the device itself really.The HDMI extender is good for tight spots in the back of TV's but also gives the Chromecast a little distance from the side of the tv for better signal reception, it really makes a difference.  Since the Chromecast only has a tiny internal antenna this was a good move on Google's part.  I leave the extender on mine all of the time, no matter what TV I plug it into.Plug the Chromecast into the HDMI port on your TV, plug the USB cord into it and the other end either into the power transformer or the TV's USB port for power.  Most of our TV's USB ports provide plenty of power for it.  But some TV's USB ports may not and you'll have to use the power transformer.One thing to note here is that when it is plugged into the USB port on the TV it likely can not turn the TV on by itself - something it can do if it IS powered by its own power transformer.  The problem with this, in my opinion, is that if it's always on it is always quite warm.  And heat is kinda a bad thing for electronics so I don't leave mine plugged into something that is powered.  Just my personal preference, other's leave their's plugged in all of the time and have no problems.  Also, not all TV's are capable of being turned of by the Chromecast even if the Chromecast is always powered.Usually, whether you have it powered all the time or just when the TV is on - it can switch the TV to the correct input (one of the HDMI ports), but if you have something older you may have to manually switch it to that port via your TV's remote.Once the Chromecast is powered up all you do is go to http://google.com/chromecast/setup in a browser on a PC, Mac, or laptop (you will need the Chrome browser for this) or download the computer program (app), or download the app on your Android or IOS device.Eventually you will see an authorization code on both the TV screen as well as the browser/app you are using to set it up, you want to just verify they match of course and follow the easy instructions to get it all set up.There aren't a heck of a lot of options.  You can change the Chromecast's name, switch Wi-Fi, change time zone and format, language and see the firmware version as well as do a factory reset, a reboot, and check for Google offers.  You can also change the backdrop of Chromecast - which is what you see on your TV screen when you plug the Chromecast in and there is no device casting to it.  You can display stock images, your own photos, weather, artwork, and a few other things.You can also enable guest access if you want to allow someone else to cast something from their smart device but not give them full permanent access.One thing that needs improvement here is the switching of WiFi access points/routers/WiFi.  When you are connected it keeps the password but as soon as you go into the settings and switch to another you have to enter the password for the changes WiFi connection, even if you have used it before.  If you have multiple routers and access points in your home with different SSID's this can be a PITA, or use it elsewhere regularly.When I set up my Chromecast the process was easy and quick up until I tried to actually 'cast something.  It didn't work, but after perusing some website help about it, and checking the firmware version on the Chromecast (it was a VERY outdated) - the solution seemed to be to let it sit connected to the network for a while until it automatically updated.  It's updates are without notification - it just happens, and restarts itself.  This also happened a few other times initially right as I plugged it in.Once updated it worked just fine, except for very occasionally when there may be a little blip.  Most of the problems I have had are with the devices I am using to control it or stream to it and not the Chromecast itself.There's basically three ways to use the Chromecast; through an app that supports Chromecast and has a Chromecast button, Chromecasting all audio and video from your entire screen, or through a Chrome browser tab on a PC or Mac.You can see in the picture above-left that this particular Android app (Pandora) has a built-in Chromecast button (it looks like the example at right).  Any app that has one of these buttons will allow you to Chromecast directly from the app, no extra steps.  Click the button, select your Chromecast and after a few moments it will start playing the app on the Chromecast.Also, if your TV is on and switched to another input then casting an app will automatically switch your TV's input to the proper input (providing your TV allows this, most modern TV's should), and if the TV is off but the Chromecast is powered up it can turn your TV on too (again, some or most  TV's).As you can see in the above-right photo the Pandora app is running on my tablet, but it has sent a version of the Pandora app to the Chromecast so that the Chromecast itself is running the app (and playing the audio), all by itself and autonomously - the tablet is just a glorified remote control in this mode.So now the tablet is free to be used for other things.  In fact shutting down the app on the tablet or even powering down the tablet itself is not going to affect the app playing on the Chromecast.  The Chromecast will happily (figuratively) play the next song and the next song until Pandora times out at some point.  There's no overhead for the remote device itself, as everything is being done by the Chromecast.To stop an app from playing, or fast forward to another song, or to interact with the app running on the Chromecast - you use the original app on the device you initiated the Chromecast from.  Basically, you are using the device that you initiated the app from as a remote control.  The Chromecast itself has no dedicated remote (though a few people have hacked devices together to do this very thing) so you use your smart device as the remote.  This is one of the few downsides to the Chromecast, I believe that Google should have offered a remote as an option.I'd like to say that this is where the Chromecast really shines but it works just as well running it the other two ways (which I will go into in a moment), albeit with a few extra steps.The number of apps that have a built-in Chromecast button increases over time, right now there are quite a number of them though I wish some more of the TV networks would add the ability (at this time ABC is the only network that has included it in the Android version of their Watch ABC app), as well as companies like Time Warner and their app.  Here's a list of apps that have a Chromecast button from Google and here's a list of all apps that have Chromecast from Wikipedia.I found that the Chromecast works especially well for a special purpose that I needed it for.  While using the treadmill or exercise bike I wanted to display a running or biking video on the TV screen in our exercise room, but for audio I wanted to play a Pandora channel through the fairly good sound system we have in the exercise room.  I could do this without the Chromecast by using my laptop - by plugging the laptop's video output into the TV and opening a Youtube video in one browser tab while muting the video, start playing Pandora in another tab, and then switch back to the Youtube tab and making the tab full-screen.  But lugging my laptop to the exercise room along with a tray table to put the laptop on, plugging in the power and video cables, and starting and setting up the whole process was a PITA each time so I wanted something simpler.Chromecast was good for this purpose as I could offload the Youtube app to the Chromecast and start playing the video I wanted, mute the TV and play the music through the sounded system via my tablet.  Pretty easily done.  You can see my post about this, with some more info here.Another way to use the Chromecast is to cast the entire screen (as well as audio) from a smart device.This involves an extra short step - open the Chromecast app on your device, click the "Cast screen" option, select your Chromecast and your screen will mirror to the TV.  You can then play ANY app on your device and have it duplicated on your TV, including audio.  Not only apps but websites, video shared on sharing sites, games, cloud-saved photos, anything off your network, etc - anything that plays on your tablet will play through the Chromecast as far as I can tell.This works nicely for the most part, but if you have a slow device, bad WiFi, or have too many things running on your device you may see skips and drop-outs.  This likely won't be the fault of the Chromecast but of your device, as it must stream both video and audio out to your router or access point at the same time as it is doing whatever it is that you are asking it to do.  If it's playing video off the Internet it has to receive the video through your WiFi, play it on its own screen, and then stream all of that video back through the WiFi so that the Chromecast can receive it.  Likely most any newer smart device is going to be able to handle this pretty well, and probably your WiFi bandwidth is going to be able to also, but older devices or ones with lots running in the background may have the occasional stutter.  Possibly more limited or cheaper devices with less power may also have problems (see my review of the Asus MeMO Pad 7).Expect an occasional stutter under even the best conditions.  But for the most part it works very amazingly nicely.  You can even play games, and video conference this way.  Just be aware of a slight delay, depending on your devices and network.You can also play video and audio and photos off your network or from other devices connected to your network.  There's various ways to do this, like using Plex but I like to use the excellent and free ES File Explorer and browse around to what I need manually.  I can explore any compatible device on my network, pick the file I want to stream, and click it.  I also use VLC as my default video player, and this is Chromecast-friendly itself.If you use Google's browser Chrome on your PC or Mac you can also use your computer to cast Chrome tabs directly.Make sure your Chromecast is plugged into your TV.  Then you need the free Chrome Extension from the Chrome Store.  Once that is installed you click it, choose your Chromecast and it will start mirroring your tab to the TV.  It's that easy, and most anything (with some exceptions) in that tab is going to be sent to the Chromecast.  To stop just close that tab, or click the stop button in the extension.In the Chromecast extension you can also select options and choose your video quality, which can be good if you are getting stuttering.  Also, in the upper right-hand corner of the extension is a small drop-down box that can be opened via a little down-arrow.  This gives you some more options including optimizing the tab for audio and an experimental ability to cast your whole screen, when clicked it will pop up and give you the option of tabs or screen (if you have multiple monitors).  'Experimental' as I mentioned - I had mixed results with this.Using Chrome to cast works just as well as the other two methods of using the Chromecast, and the fun thing about this is that if you open a website that has an accompanying Chromecast-compatible app, like Youtube, instead of showing just the Chrome tab it loads the app and plays it.Sometimes hotels or motels require that you to click a terms of service "agree" button, or enter a room number or password.  Some also block access between devices on the network.If the hotel room has a hardwired network connection you can bring along your own router and plug it in, connect to the router with another device and go through the authentication process and then you're set to use the Chromecast on the router's WiFi.But if there is no ethernet port in the room you either are out of luck, must use your phone's hotspot options (thus using your own bandwidth), or you can try cloning the Chromecast's MAC address on your laptop, getting logged in, and then release the MAC address and plug in the Chromecast.I haven't tried this but I believe that if you can't find an ethernet port in you room and instead of spoofing the MAC address; you could use a hacked router in repeater mode (or a repeater), authenticate the hotel/motel's connection with another device through this router, and then connect with the Chromecast to the router and carry out the same thing.  The benefit of this is that you could set up the Chromecast and router ahead of time, for the most part - except for the hotel/motel's SSID and such.  The only caveat would be a slight decrease in bandwidth when using the router in repeater mode, but probably not enough to affect your streaming.ConclusionAs I said earlier - for the price you really can't go wrong.  Even if you have a device similar to this already the price is so cheap that it might even be worth it to get another so that you don't have to plug and unplug things and transfer your device from one tv/room to another.If you don't mind paying a bit more and need a faster streaming device, or one with more storage, or need a remote control then you can go with something like the Amazon Fire Stick.But if you want a cheap and relatively easy to use and slickly-working piece of streaming electronics then the Google Chromecast may just be what you are looking for.  You can even find some cheaper clone versions of it if you look around, though I don't know how well these clones may work.The only downsides to the Chromecast would be the lack of a dedicated remote, and somewhat more limited resources than some of the other streaming devices.  Personally, I haven't seen that the latter is an issue in any way though I would love to have a dedicated remote control.It is a nice little device, and a cheap way to get streaming for any TV - even those with their own limited streaming apps.  An additional note - don't rule out new features being added as time goes on, via updated firmware and updates apps.I have a few more pics in my blog post - http://randombitsbytes.com/review-google-chromecast/ and I also go into using it with the treadmill and stationary bike for displaying video but listening to separate audio - http://randombitsbytes.com/bored-treadmill-indoor-bike-trainer-elliptical-get-chromecast/
Being a heavy Google user for many years, I very simply purchased this because it was cheap and I wanted to see what the commercials were all about for myself.Setup is going to different for every person and TV setup but for me, I simply plugged it into a port on my HDMI switch, connected power, and went through the Chromecast app to configure WiFi. I didn't have an accessible power port for the included wall wort, so I actually used the USB port from my cable box (FIOS HD DVR) one shelf up to power the Chromecast which surprisingly works just fine.WiFi was disappointing that it doesn't work with 5Ghz Wireless N, but I broadcast both bands, that wouldn't be a deal breaker for the Chromecast, however any device that needs to communicate with the Chromecast  has to be on the same WiFi network (not just the same router) so now my 5Ghz band is useless for most of my devices. Considering this is a streaming device and WiFi is the weakest link in the network, it's just disappointing. Yeah, you could say the WiFi is still faster than most home internet connections based on "nameplate" ratings, but that's not true in the real world and may not be true if you access local media in the future.All the streaming apps work great as well they should since they're so limited in selection. Look up the currently available ones at [...] to see what you can use. This is something that's probably going to explode (in a good way) when they open it up to 3rd parties. Casting a Chrome tab to the Chromecast is still very sketchy from my testing and more of a gimmick at this point.After playing with everything for maybe an hour, I started to wonder who this product was targeted for. Personally, the TV I use the Chromecast on is a smart TV with all sorts of apps built in including the major players on the Chromecast. I also use a Harmony Smart Hub to control everything, so getting to use your phone or tablet as a remote isn't benefiting me either. In my world, I could only think of it being useful to take to family/friend's to bypass whatever setup they have and show them a video on Youtube or watch Netflix with your account. Maybe your the tech person in your social group and that makes sense. Maybe not.All in all, for the price of it, I'm happy to be an early adopter and invest an HDMI port into Google building upon it in the future and it becoming something more than it is now. I also do like navigating Netflix on the Chromecast versus my TV's built in app. It's another fun gadget to have that I probably wouldn't have purchased if it were priced at Apple TV level and that, I think, is the whole point.
This device gets a lot right! For anyone without a 1) Smart or wifi enabled TV or 2) wifi enabled bluray player, just like my parents, this thing nails it on the head.For all the apps I have tried so far (netflix, youtube, hulu+) it runs seamlessly and flawlessly so far. The streams are superb quality from audio and video (hd), there is no lag, the sync is perfection!For the intended use I purchased it for, it falls short of my expectations. I purchased this for the ability to stream my PC content to the TV. Now, I'm still toying with it, there may be some things on my end to clear up, and Google could very well solve this problem themselves with updates to the device. BUT, the problem with this intention is that it does not stream perfectly (dealbreaker) or even half that for my standards. The video is constantly jerking, the audio isnt syncing hardly at all. No matter if I choose the 480p option instead of 720p makes no difference in the stream quality. I attempted to optimize my PC to make it run better, but man, if our PC cant do it then your average PC wont either.There is only one solution I havent tried yet (too much trouble, would rather just break down and buy a wifi enabled blu ray player) is to move the PC/router closer to the TV (its going from one end of the house to the other). This could very well be my problem, but I just dont think that to be the case.So, like I said to start with, this is an awesome device, more than capable of warranting the $35 it cost. It just doesnt fulfill my expectations to the degree I would like. If there is ever a fix/workaround for this then I would give this device 10 stars out of 5!!!
I just received my Chromecast yesterday.  I want to make clear upfront that I do not get cutting edge technology as far as smartphones or even PCs go.  I do not have smartphone, so I can not operate the Chromecast from my phone.  I do have an iPad but, of course, the Chromecast app can not be installed on it because it is the first version of iPads and the Chromecast requires iOS 6.  In case you did not know, Apple does not upgrade the OS on iPad (first version) any more. iOS 5 is on my iPad.  I have a desktop PC that is pretty up to date (I am a software engineer and need it to have some power).  When I used it to try to set up my Chromecast, it found the device but could not set it up.  I tried numerous times.  Google says it needs to be within 20 ft of the TV, which my desktop PC is NOT.  OK, I understand the rules.  Unfortunately, neither the PC or the TV can be moved, so I am going to plan B (or C or D).  I have an old laptop that is running Windows 7 but only has 2GB of RAM.  However, it does have a kick butt wireless USB dongle from Cisco (Wireless n).  I took that PC into the room where the TV is and I started to run the setup.  This time my laptop found the Chromecast and installed Chrome (Browser) and ChromeCast App on my laptop.  I was getting excited.  Things were looking up.  No matter what I tried, I could not get anything to stream to my TV.  All I was able to do was view scenic pictures that Google brought down from the web.  I will try again tonight but I am getting frustrated.  I have Roku and AppleTV and have never had similar issues with either of these products.
First time to write a review for something I purchase. So here goes:I would put the review in two parts one for the product itself and the other is for google's services.The product itself is awesome when it was working.  Stream my Netflix to my tv with ease.  From my laptop, I can play almost all my movie from the chrome browser.  Very handy with the online streaming from the Chrome browser too.  My Chrome cast worked great 2 month then it stopped working and that is where the service part comes.My chromecast just load to the screen with the wallpaper and the logo at the bottom left, no other message, no ready to cast or setup screen.  It only flashes white light. I always plugged in my chromecast to my tv and use the usb ac adaptor that came with it.  Since it is only 2 month old, it is still under warranty so I give Google customer service a call.  After 3 hours of stupid and useless trouble shooting,  He ask things like what kind of tv you using, what operating system and router.  I was who cares about any of that when your device is not loading properly.  It is not fully booted up so nothing will connect to it.  It was very frustrating.  Don't want to be racist or anything but I feel like talking to a india tech with my issue on my computer.  After all the trouble shooting, the customer service person finally put in a RMA request and can't do it himself as this Chromecast is purchase through Amazon and not from Google Play store.  That pisses me off as this is your product, does it matter which authorize reseller sold it to me?  It has been over 3 weeks and I am still waiting for my RMA on my Chromecast.  I can easily buy another one but it is just principle here.  Why should I buy another one when this one is still under warranty?  I did not do anything that broke it.  I just used it as instructed and it failed on its own.  It is a defected device and should be replace by warranty.  Hopefully, I will get my RMA before the end of the year.
If you're simply looking for a way to watch Netflix or Youtube, or (with the new update) access streaming content from other services, this is certainly not the only way to go. I was more intrigued with the prospect of being able to cast web videos from a tab in my Chrome browser, and since I have a strong wifi signal, the Chromecast does that job quite well. (For pausing and playing the tab cast without going back and forth between my computer and tv, I use the free Hippo Remote app.)Even downloaded videos can be mirrored to my tv, as long as they will play in Chrome's browser. But with the addition of some new app compatibility, Chromecast really shines now for watching local content. (I'm using Realplayer Cloud; it's a free app, doesn't require a paid subscription, and is available for both iOS and Android users. I can watch my pc videos on my phone, or using Chromecast, either stream them to my tv, or stream saved videos from my phone to the tv. This is also a nice wireless, iTunes-free way to transfer content. I could wish for more precise video controls in the app, though.)I did have a problem with Chromecast periodically bumping my phone off our home wifi signal. (Apparently wifi interference is not uncommon.) After reading suggestions by others, I "forgot" the Chromecast wifi network on my phone and deleted the setup app, but the only thing that really worked was unplugging the power cord from the Chromecast unit between uses; pretty inconvenient. It finally occurred to me that plugging it into the tv's usb port instead of an electrical outlet would accomplish the same thing, because then the unit would only power up when the tv was turned on. So far so good!Some of the Chromecast's functionality may be duplicated by my Tivo and my Blu-ray player, but it fills the gap for watching free web videos, and I like using my phone to play local content. Your mileage may vary.
Bought this because CyanogenMod for Android had the ability to stream any media content to Chromecast. This made the Chromecast pretty handy as a Miracast alternative and I don't need the MHL (HDMI) cable anymore. This was very, very useful. In fact, my system was set up so that I could display presentations to the projector for work functions the moment I step into the conference room for a wow effect with my audience. For this utility the Chromecast was perfect for $35.A week after I bought Chromecast, Google sent an auto-update over the Internet (that you can't disable) that broke my setup. I went to search (ironically) on Google to find out how to fix this issue. Unfortunately it was ugly. Google caught on to CyanogenMod's ability to stream anything and this apparently misaligned with Google's business strategy. The response from Google was that these APIs were still considered experimental and can change any time. The fact the stream anything feature was intentionally disabled and no replacement "experimental" APIs for developers to use was disingenuous.Unless you're only interested in _specifically_ Youtube or Netflix (or one of the few handful of specific applications sanctioned) the Chromecast is really not going to be what you want.Let's say that you actually want to use Chromecast because you love Youtube so much and that's all you ever wanted to use it for. The following are three experiences that you're going to have depending on your technical experience level.Newbie user: You want to set up once and ignore it for the rest of your life.Follow the instructions and you can watch Youtube or Netflix on your home TV. Make sure that you have a wireless router because Chromecast needs it. Once set up, you just need to install Chromecast application on Android or on your PC then select Chromecast option from a Google sanctioned application to start streaming.Intermediate user: You want to play something at a friend's home.Do the newbie step all over again.(If you're using Android, make sure to disable the Google privacy settings for the Chromecast application otherwise the app can't discover the Chromecast dongle).Advanced user: You want to play something while watching at a hotel on a road trip.Oh my... this is going to blow your horns. The problem is Chromecast needs a Wi-Fi router to work. Who brings with them a "portable" router with them on road trips? Using your phone/computer at the hotel you will be presented a web page to log in. Once logged in you can then surf the web. The problem is Chromecast only understands how to log into Wi-Fi routers using the WPA2 password you give. It does not understand how hotel log in screens work.Option 1. Change the MAC address of your phone/laptop to use Chromecast's MAC address and then log into the hotel's log in page. After logging in with your phone/latop, you can then tell Chromecast to connect to the hotel's Wi-Fi. The hotel's log in page will no longer show up for Chromecast because it thinks it's already registered so now Chromecast can use the Internet without any more problems. You may have to do this a few times a day because the log in may expire after some idle time passes.Option 2. Bring your laptop installed with Windows. Buy/install Connectify for Windows to make your PC a Wi-Fi router using only one Wi-Fi device. Use your laptop to log into the hotel's Wi-Fi router and make your Chromecast log into your laptop as Wi-Fi router. Now your Chromecast can reach the Internet through your laptop.ELI5: For those curious about how the heck a laptop can connect to one Wi-Fi router and yet simultaneous become a Wi-Fi router itself, the technology works by having the network driver switch between being a Wi-Fi client and server so fast that the end user can't functionally tell the difference. Though there's no limit to the number of networks you can join simultaneously, the total Wi-Fi bandwidth is still limited so your internet doesn't get faster. (Source: [...]Note: The technology is probably patented by Microsoft which only exists in Windows and a feature that Connectify exposes. It would explain why it's not in Android/Iphone. Haven't checked, but maybe it exists on the Windows phone since that's just a port of the PC operating system. Would be quite nice as a workaround to set up your phone as a hub for Chromecast to connect and using your phone to log into the hotel Wi-Fi. What would be nicer is if Chromecast could be changed to log in itself.The Chromecast team needs to listen to user feedbacks or this product is going to tank hard. This product needs to be made way easier to use than what was described above. All I wanted was a plug and play device to play anything I wanted. Even playing only what Google wants is still too much work for the average working person to use for traveling.
I actually purchased this directly from Google on the first day it was available. I could not pass it up due to it's very low price. The device (dongle) is VERY easy to set up - it only took me a few minutes to set up after I downloaded the the app onto my devices and Windows PC. The device does need to be powered somehow, so you have a choice. You can plug in the HDMI end into an HDMI port on your TV and plug the USB plug into a USB port on your TV. Please note that not ALL TVs can handle powering this device via the USB connection. It all depends on your TV. I have an LG LCD TV that's several years old, but hooking it up that way on this TV works perfectly. No problems at all powering it via the USB. Google also includes an AC power plug, so if you can't power it through your TV, you can just plug it into an AC outlet.You do have to use apps from your device to use it. (Your device acts as a remote for Chromecast to stream to the TV). For example, you would open the Netflix app on your phone or tablet, find what you want to watch, and then choose to "cast" it to your TV. Same goes for YouTube, Google Play Movies/Music, and any other Chromecast app. It's compatible with both Android and iOs.My experience with it has been very fluid, fast, and barely any lag. Before casting, you do have to switch to the HDMI port you chose during initial set, but it's very simple and quick. Then you go to your device and open the app that you want to stream from. From within the app, you can choose to "cast" the video to the Chromecast. I've tried many casts from YouTube, and the lag time from selecting "cast" to the time it starts playing on my TV is literally a couple seconds. I haven't had any issues at all, so it works great for me. I've noticed NO buffering whatsoever. Another plus is that it's tiny and hides on the back of your TV, so no extra boxes laying around. It doesn't take up any extra space.The only reasons I rated it 4 instead of 5 stars is:  There aren't many apps that can stream to Chromecast yet, however, there were recently 10 more that added the capability; one being Plex, which I love, so that you can stream all of your PC's local media through the Plex app, onto your big screen TV. This is a feature that many people have wanted, so it's finally available! There's another new Chromecast app called Avia Media Player, which even allows you to access your DropBox files. New apps were added very slowly at first, but this week, 10 new apps were added, and Google is working with many other companies to get them set up through Chromecast. Pandora was recently added as well, so you can stream your music to your TV.I am hoping that MANY more companies add apps to Chromecast, and, the way it's going lately,  I think there will be many more to come. It just takes some time to test and for apps to make sure they work well with Chromecast.The device also offers experimental features such as casting what's on your Chrome tab to your TV, as well as casting your entire computer screen to the TV. For some reason, I haven't been able to cast from my laptop yet, but I keep trying and am hoping it will soon work. My issue is that the Chromecast isn't finding my laptop, though it could be due to some of my firewalls or security. I haven't really checked into that yet, though.that's not very tech savvy. You would just have to show them how to open/navigate the apps on your device, and how to cast theSo, overall, I think this is a great little device with tons of future potential, and it couldn't be easier to install/set up for anyone videos from those apps to the TV. You really cannot lose with the low price!***Update 2/16/14: Google just recently publicly released their development kit, so now all app developers can add cast functionality to their apps. It's no longer restricted to beta testers. This means that tons more apps should soon be able to cast your TV. I'll update again in the future once more apps become available.
There are several issues with this device that had I known them in advance I wouldn't have made the purchase.1) there is currently no support for streaming Amazon Prime Instant videos. Since I just cancelled my Netflix account (which is supported by Chromecast) and purchased the year of Amazon Prime, this is an issue for me.2) the Chromecast app will not load onto my husband's IPad 1 because it requires IOS6 and as you IPad 1 owners know, you can't install higher than IOS 5 on the first generation. (SEE UPDATE BELOW RE: THIS ISSUE)3) beware that only newer TVs have the HDMI port. Of our 4 flatscreens, only the 2 newest have the port.4) be advised it requires the unit be plugged into an electrical outlet as well as the back of the TV so extension cords will likely be involved.Otherwise it was fairly simple to install into the TV and onto my Mac computer and my iPad2. I can watch HBOGo on it. I can put my Chrome browser up on the TV and use it as a monitor, though I'm not sure I'll actually do that. I did try playing an Amazon Video on my computer browser and then putting the browser onto the TV. That worked however the video area is tiny and making it full screen on the computer, makes it disappear off the TV, and the sound doesn't come out of the TV. Given that, it's easier and more pleasant to watch the videos on the laptop screen or the iPad app.At $35 it's probably more trouble to try to return it than just keep it and I am hoping one day for Amazon app support. If you have Netflix, newer TVs and new tablets, this will be great for you. If not, steer clear. Check out the Roku. More pricey but it supports Amazon Instant videos. I am considering that for myself.UPDATE- we just discovered that even though the Chromecast App won't install onto the iPad 1, the iPad still picks up the Chromecast device and allows us to connect to it. I guess that app is only like a remote control and not needed but the device emits a signal making it discoverable like a bluetooth device or router would? Anyway, it is still too limited for me. I want it to support more--such as Amazon Instant Videos, and the other apps I routinely stream/watch such as ABC and  Xfinity. But I raised it to 3 stars since it does work.
This product will not produce a smooth video from any Network site. I wanted it to view programs from ABC.com, CBS.com or NBC.com. As soon as the "Cast" process starts the video on my computer as well as my TV screen gets very choppy, almost stop motion animation quality. So bad as to make the program unwatchable. The sound is normal but the picture freezes and moves several times a second in such an annoying manner. Google help is very easy to reach, unfortunately there is very little training for those on the phone. I called 3 times and talked with 2 different Techs. They had me reset the Chrome unit, reboot my router, move my desk top computer out of my office and next to my TV, then tell me OOPS! I meant move your router.PROS: It did Cast YouTube videos flawlessly, it has beautiful screen saver pictures, it is relatively cheap to purchase and fairly easy to set up.CONS: Technical help is very poor, can not view network programs from their websites. This was the main reason I purchased this and I really really wanted it to work.After spending hours of trying all types of "fixes" I had to conclude this was junk. The Google tech wanted me to know that this is still a BETA product and there are problems that they are still fixing. The Google techs confirmed my router (Linksys EA3500) was on their "acceptable" list of routers. Could not confirm that the issue was in my computer or router so had to conclude it was in the Chromecast device. My ROKU works flawlessly on my home network and TV so I don't suspect them. My computer is a Dell running Windows 7 with an AMD Athlon II X2 240e Processor at 2.8 GHz with 4 GB or Ram. I thought maybe my computer was not fast enough for this product, but the Google Tech could not confirm that was the issue. Amazon made the return very easy, thankfully.
This gadget has really won me over, especially considering the price!Also THIS WEEK, Google has announced support for a number of additional apps including Avia.  I am new to Avia, but last night I used Avia on my Samsung Galaxy Tablet to send all sorts of video files from my NAS connected WD My Book Hard drive to the Chromecast (the WD drive has a twonky media server on it).  The functionality of sending my own media of videos or whatever via an app to Chromecast from a HDrive of my own is the main thing I felt was missing, and now its not!  In my tests the Chromecast was able to handle most video codecs (but not all) and I could play most anything.  In our bedroom we have the WDTV Live streaming box which can REALLY play all codecs pretty much, and the Avia app works with that too, but for the living room Avia plus chromecast is working great for most things, including locally stored music and pictures.I have a subscription to Google's music service and that was seamless to use.  Netflix, Hulu Plus, YouTube, all of them the interface was very slick with no hiccups with Chromecast and especially on youtube it is so much easier to search for things on my phone or tablet and then send to Chromecast than on the PS3 or other device.Love how you can turn the phone app off and keep using your phone or tablet to do other things once Chromecast is running (works with Avia too).  On my SG3's lock screen Hulu Plus and Netflix have controls that pop up so I can pause things quickly without fully returning to the app if my phone was off.I miss some of Hulu and Netflix's autoplay features (automatically playing next ep of a show) - this is not yet a feature on Chromecast, but if I really want those, or for everyone in the room to see the Netflix interface to make a choice as a group, I just use the PS3 like I used to.
The Chromecast is a great media streaming device.  For the price of $35 I am now able to watch videos from most online streaming services directly to my computer.  This is easily controlled with my smart phone.  This allows me to play, pause, increase/decrease volume, and search for content all on my phone.  Then I just click the cast button and it all goes onto the TV.The only thing that I would mention is that I did have a bit of trouble setting up the device.  Initially when I was going through setup I would get to the part where you provide the WPA2 network password to the Chromecast and it would time out saying that my phone could not communicate with the Chromecast (I used my phone for set-up).  I tried reading through Google's support page and couldn't find anything that helped.  Eventually I just tried standing closer to the Chromecast during set-up and that fixed the problem.  The initial set-up requires your device to communicate directly with the Chromecast and apparently it was having issues doing this from more than 5 feet away.  But, after set-up the Chromecast has been working very well.I would also add that since the initial set-up requires direct communication from the setup device (computer/phone) to the Chromecast the set-up device must have WiFi capabilities.  This means that computers that only have LAN (such as some desktops) will not be able to go through the Chromecast set-up.  However, once the Chromecast is set-up properly a Computer with LAN can cast to it just like any other computer.Overall a great product in my opinion.  I've no problems with it since setup and I use it to stream Netflix and YouTube on a regular basis.  Also, it's worth mentioning that any computer with Google Chrome running on it can cast any full tab to the Chromecast - effectively allowing you to stream anything in your browser.
A while transpired before I elected to purchase Google Chromecast HDMI Streaming Media player. When browsing around the internet and amazon.com between Black Friday and Cyber Monday I noticed this dongle was marked down to $29 and change with gratis shipping. Apparently, I was in a fine mood that day clicking it into my cart.As usual product was delivered quickly and in excellent condition. Once parcel had acclimated to the room's environment I installed on the living room TV. This was an exhausting process as one must plug it into a HDMI port, plug the power cable into a free USB port and opposite end of USB cable into the Google Chromecast dongle. Less than a minute in actual time . . . then a swift installation of the Google Chrome Browser and inputting code broadcasted on TV screen the process was completed.Yesterday I gave Google's Chromecast HDMI Streaming Media Player a workout, it handled everything thrown at it without issue. I could not be happier in its ease of installation and use. In addition, it actual functions as stated with a quality feel and construction.PROS:AttractiveCompactSolid ConstructionSolid weightMinimal partsEasy SetupEasy Installation of Chrome BrowerWorked without issueReasonably pricedCONS:There is approximately 1 to 2 second delay in image and sound when viewing computer screen and TV screen simultaneously. Miner -- NOT an ISSUE to deter anyone from purchasing.It would have been nice not to have to install another browser because I prefer Microsoft's IE browser.Again, miner -- NOT an ISSUE to deter anyone from purchasing.Given what I have stated here, I am planning acquiring more for additional TVs with a spare for travel.DIGITAL SIGNATUREI like to close my reviews with a THANK YOU because I do appreciate you investing your precious time in reading my material. We live in a complex complicated world where time is at a premium. I do pray you found this review like my others informative and helpful in aiding your next purchasing decision. Your comments are always welcome and I make every attempt to reply to comments as time permits. Again THANK YOU for the opportunity to aid you in spending your hard earned money wisely.I am not employed or receive any compensation by the manufacture or any organization promoting this product or additional hardware. I purchased or received as a gift my product like anyone else and just sharing my myriad thoughts and experience with you.I hereby extend to you a plethora of blessing of good health and welling being. Bless you all.2013 Copyrighted by Dr. Gary Drury
Good concept but VERY POOR implementation so far. Purchased and Returned.Let's start with the lack of apps... Nearly 4 months after release, still barely any utility for use with mobile devices. You can only stream music via Google Play. You have Netflix, Hulu Plus, HBO go. But if you have a device that already does those like just about every DVD player or TV these days, chromecast doesn't shine or add much functionality. Additionally, you won't burn the battery on your mobile device or have to rely on a separate "control" if you have a universal remote. You can't stream local files or movies from your mobile devices. No other apps have surfaced after 3+ months (except tic tac toe). I purchased it primarily with the hope of being able to stream from my Nexus 7 to a TV on vacation visiting relatives to share pictures and movies from our visits. But that is not possible. Yes, I should have done my research but it was an impulse purchase. Anyway that also leads me into my second beef with chromecast....Poor router compatibility.... Just to get it up and running at home, I had to experiment with my wireless router settings (Netgear WNDR3700v2). It would not work with the wireless N network and I eventually had to throttle my wireless speed down to 54Mbps on the G network to get it to even connect. - potentially limiting streaming quality. Tried another older linksys router that was replaced by the Netgear and experienced similar difficulties. Neither were on Google's workaround list for routers with known issues. This is NOT what you should have to go through to get a device like this up and running. It should be very much "plug and play" not "plug and pray". This will become even harder if you are on the road and do not have access to the router settings where you are. I simply cannot see putting yourself through the headache if you do not get lucky and chromecast connects without a hitch. It'll be a hit or miss proposition when you are travelling. No guarantee - so why risk it?All in all, I'm quite disappointed and was expecting more since my Nexus 7 (2013) is such a great tablet. I'm going to return it and get a miniport adapter for wired connections and a netgear Push to TV for wireless with Mircast. With screen mirroring, I can do everything and more on the Nexus natively than Chromecast can do after 3+ months. Sure it will cost more but I won't be limited by the VERY FEW THINGS IT ACTUALLY CAN DO.Overall opinion: SKIP IT.
Update 3 months later- After "gifting" this useless device to different family members I have spent hours helping them understand how this silly little device "works" (without letting them know my true thoughts, telling them it's cool. LOL)The biggest complaint from each of them is "Why do I need this" even after demonstrating it to them.Aside from it not being a stand alone device the ONLY way to control what you are watching such as simply selecting what you want to watch, Play, Pause,FFW, and Rewind or any other control other than actually turning the volume on the tv up/down using the TV remote, is to use the casting device! So that makes a total of a minimum of THREE devices just to have the limited basic functionality! And did I mention they have NO support line! Need I say more.Really underdeveloped device. Very tech savvy and did my homework but thought I could figure "suitable" workarounds for this device's short comings but there was nothing satisfactory. The device itself does nothing without a "compatible" device to stream from and even android dlna apps don't work. This is pure garbage if you know anything about what this device promises. Why would I want to tie up my cell phone or computer to stream netflix, hulu and the VERY few other apps it supports. To top it off there NO phone number to call for support and I see why! My father always told me "you get what you pay for" well in this case he was slightly incorrect. With this you get LESS than what you payed for! This is not sour grapes because I own a great Google TV and totally satisfied. I bought TWO of these things so family members could have a cheap solution to at least get some of the capability I have. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS AT ALL!!!! Invest in a smart blu-ray player that you can find on sale for about $20 more!
The Chromecast is a useful, though somewhat limited, device for casting multimedia directly from your computer or android device. In the box is the actual Chromecast, a USB to micro USB cable and a power plug.The Chrome cast plugs into a free HDMI port in the back of your TV. It needs power so it can either be plugged into a USB cable in the back of the TV, or you can plug the included USB cord into the power plug (included) into a wall outlet.Installation is easy. You simply plug the Chromecast into your TV, turn your TV to the required HDTI outlet and the Chromecast prompts you through installation.  In less than 5 minutes i was casting things from my PC and tablet to the device.Anything that casts content to the chromecast must be on the same WIFI connection as the Chromecast.Casting from PC requires you to have Google Chrome installed and the Chromecast Extension activated on the browser. Casting from your Android phone or tablet requires you to install the Chromecast app. All of which are free and easy to install.Right now the primary apps that can cast from your Android device to the chromecast include Netflix, HBO GO, Hulu Plus, Youtube, and Pandora. Those apps have a cast icon in them when they are open, so when you want to cast to the Chromecast, you just push the button and you are off and running.You can cast  anything from your computer's broswer. So if you happen to have Amazon Prime streaming, you can stream from your PC and then cast to your Chromecast.Also, though the Chromecast does not have native ability to view videos from your PC, since the Chrome browser can natively play videos in it, you can simply drag your videos to the browser or open them as files. Since they'll play in the browser, and you can cast from the browser to the Chromecast, you can then view videos and content from your PC on the Chromecast.This also means that you can use your TV as a large screen for browsing the web, viewing content from websites like Prezi and Google Docs.The Google Chrome app for android devices does not currently support casting, but I hear that is coming.There is also no native app for the Kindle Fire, but there may be a work around, and when I get time i'll try that out and post my results then.I like this Chromecast so much that I am going to cancel my Xbox Live Gold subscription as most of the multimedia content I use that for is available through Chromecast.
The ONLY reason this gets 2 stars is because of the price.  If it were more expensive, this would be a 1 star item.There is a lot to complain about:- Tab casting is nice (though a bit flaky at times).  Too bad I can't tab cast off of my tablet or phone, which is what I really want to do with this.-  Can't power itself off the HDMI (yes, I hooked to a 1.4a device, still had to use USB).  Luckily there is always something around with an open USB port so I didn't have to plug it into the wall.-  Google killed local streaming.  No tab casting on mobile browsers + no local streaming anymore killed 80% of its use.-  No Amazon Prime streaming app, only can be done through tab casting.  Crap.-  The Chromecast App is a freaking joke; just a setup App.Such a limited device - I'd rather spend a little more on a much more capable device (which I have). I have an Apple TV 3, PS3 and Roku 2 XS...devices that are all far more powerful/useful than the Chromecast.  I downgraded the Chromecast to our TV in the loft that rarely gets turned on, just so I'd have something I could stream to there.My hope is that Google will get their software together and make this a better device because right now it just sucksEdit:Months later and I'm downgrading to 1 star.  What a piece of junk.  We started using Netflix streaming and boy what a POS it is on the Chromecast.  Takes forever to load and random buffering.Before I get blamed on my ISP / Wireless network, I have no issues streaming Netflix on my iOS Devices, Apple TV 3, PS3 and Roku 2 XS.  ONLY on the POS Chromecast.  It shows full wireless signal bars on it.  I tried with and without the extension dongle.  My wireless network is very robust (using a Linksys E4200 V2 router, not some cheap POS).  No overlapping wireless signals in the area as our homes are spread apart pretty far and inSSIDer found nothing in the area.  Unplugged all 2.4 devices that could interfere - and again, NONE of my other wireless devices have problems, only the stupid Chromecast.Don't buy this junk.  It may be cheap but if it barely works why bother?
I purchased my Chromecast on a Wednesday 11:30P Black Friday special for $29.99. I am not looking back at all on this nice little device. It is great! I have plugged it into an Onkyo receiver that has multi HDMI slots. I use my front Aux HDMI port and plug the USB power cord (required) in to the USB port on the front of my Onkyo device. I was very happy about that easy front-side setup.Problem, but resolved it, not an issue with Chromcast, but with my local home network setup. The initial setup was easy, recognition was fast, however because of the setup of my WIFI I had a little hiccup. Maybe my mention of my problem can help others ... I have a Cisco EA4500 Wireless router (love it!) and the initial setup creates two ranges, 2.4ghz and 5ghz, but not only that, it puts the same name "newtorkssidname" (as an example) for both ranges. As a computer application developer, the error "", seemed to me to be something about "finding" the wireless. Knowing that I was connected, using my WIFI DLNA that I wasn't having problems connecting. So, I had a sneaking suspicion that the Chromecast could decipher between using 2.4ghz and 5ghz using the *same* network SSID name. So, I while I was trying to Chromcast connect, I changed the 5ghz name from "networkssidname" to "networkssidname2" to give it a unique name for that channel. And voila, it starting casting from my Android device, immediately.Ever since I've had it, I've been to my friends house, parents house, around my own house on TVs that are not connected to my cable boxes and am streaming through Amazon Prime (love it!), Hulu+ (love it!), Netflix (love it!), Google Chrome (extension) and will become more de-coupled from my satellite cable box (love it, but it's getting too pricey and lacking variety like I can get from the other three). There's no lag, very crisp and clear. My 1080p screen is awesome, music casting from Google Music (love it!).The devices/software I'm casting with are Windows (Vista, 7), Mac, Android (HTC One, Nexus 4, Nexus 7), iPhone (5c), Kindle Fire HD, Google Music. Unfortunately, Amazon Prime is not a casting option.
OK this is an UPDATE to my earlier review. I upped the stars to 3 stars, because at least some of the issue is on our end.  I contacted our cable provider, to say I was having issues, and they must have upped the flow on our street, because now I can watch on this pretty reliably during the week, during the day. I still can't get it reliably at night or on weekends, when everyone else in the neighborhood is home and online, which is why I can't give it more stars.I can see that it is our cable flow that is partly at issue, but since I can watch Netflix without a hitch, anytime, that puts some of the fault at the device, as well.I don't pretend to know the nuances of why Roku works like a charm, but this doesn't, with the same signal strength, but I can't give it more stars than 3 as it stands. I do love being able to watch my shows at my convenience, on my big screen TV, but I have the luxury of being able to watch during the day, when others are at work. If you're getting this for night time viewing, know you may not be pleased with the result. My husband won't even consider it.---------------------------------------------------------------------Original review:I soooo wanted this to work. I LOVE the idea of it, and the ease of it, but unfortunately, it just doesn't work very well.Pros:The unit came with everything I needed to hook it up, including the UPC plug and adapter to plug into a wall outlet, as well as an HDMI extender so if you can't fit it directly, this will give you some wiggle room. I was surprised, but I needed it because my TV curves just below the outlet, and wouldn't let the unit plug straight in. Good thinking on their part, and handy for me.Easy interface, and it walked me right through setup very easily.Easy to cast shows to the TV from the computer. Just get the show going on the computer, click the link, and it shows up on the TV a few seconds later. There is a slight delay, but that's to be expected.Cons:I was easily able to cast shows onto the TV, unfortunately they'd  frequently stutter, and only play for a brief time (1 - 20 minutes) before they stalled completely, and lost the connection.  This despite the show playing perfectly on the computer I cast it off from.I didn't have any issue with the few seconds of lag time between the computer and the TV, but it can be annoying when the voices don't quite match up, which I found more often than not.Overall, great idea, and execution, but it sadly just doesn't work. I have Netflix and Roku for doing basically the same thing, but they work like a charm, so I don't believe it's an issue on our end.  We have a strong enough signal, and sufficient bandwidth, so this should work.
I had high hopes for the Chromecast, but it is of no real value in home entertainment.  First, one would assume that this little stick it a little android computer onto which one could install apps and use your phone or tablet to control.  WRONG.  The chromecast is no better than the intel streaming video feature that was a bust from a couple of years back.  Remember that?  You buy an Intel enabled laptop chipset that pushes your screen to a tv using a special box that hooks to the tv....that one...remember? Of course not, they don't make it anymore because it was such a bust.  Same principle, cheaper hardware and equally lackluster result.What you will get with the Chromecast is access to a handful of apps that must be on your device.  This includes Netflix and Youtube and a few other odd apps.  No Xfinity.  No Direct TV.  No web browser unless you want to use your PC/MAC laptop with the device.  Again, just like the old Intel push to tv concept.  BTW, if I'm using my laptop, then what's the point?  I can just hook an HDMI cable my TV and be able to use everything on my laptop with the TV as a clone display.  In fact, you can do the same with your droid tablet.To add to limited options, you also have performance issues.  In particular, using the chromecast with my Samsung tablet, Netflix will fade out to black after a few minutes.  I still hear the sound, but no picture.  If I switch to another HDMI input, then back to the chromecast input, I get the picture back.  Really annoying.I want something that works out of the box with no bugs.  Want to be able to play internet content on the tv without a pc.  Chromecast does neither.  I suggest you avoid it until they substantial improve it.  I wasted 3 hours screwing with this thing. It is not intuitive and has is buggy.  Expected more from google.I am shocked at the number of positive reviews for this product.  It is a DOG.
I've been using it for two days now and it works well.I'm using an old smartphone (connected to my Wi-Fi, with no cell service) as a remote control. Interesting that it's not a remote control in a regular sense - you don't need to point it at the TV. For example, I start the Netflix app on that phone, choose the movie or show to play, and press the Cast button instead of Play. It sends instructions over the Internet to Netflix to send the show to the Chromecast device attached to my TV, So the phone (remote control) and Chromecast communicate via the Internet, not directly. It's been very reliable. Theoretically, I could be in another city and use my phone to start casting a show to my home TV (if it was turned on). Maybe if I had a dog at home and wanted to entertain it... It may be good for tech support of gadget-challenged relatives. You can control their casting remotely when they get stuck.I'm giving it 4 stars and not 5, because it supports a limited number of channels. If you only use Netflix, HBO GO, or Hulu Plus, then you are fine. There's also Google Play. But you can't cast Amazon Instant Video or many other services that Roku or other streaming players support. I got this Chromecast player for one of the TV's on which I'll be fine with a limited choice of channels and I'll continue using Roku on other TVs.On the plus side, it's cheaper than other players and easy to install and activate.If your TV has a USB port, then you just plug the device to the HDMI port and the USB port on the TV and it's neat and hidden from view. If the TV doesn't have a USB port, then you can plug it into a regular electrical outlet through a converter (which is included).
amazing this works exactly as advetised and has the simplest setup you have a phone download chromecast appt plug it in and your ready to go have a computer download google chrome and chromecast extension and your done literally takes no more then 2 minutes now it terms of streaming there is good and bad news good news is it works as advertized stream hulu netflix google play now youtube and more  once your streaming you can do other things on your phone or computer whithout interupting the stream got a call take it and let eveyrone else keep watching or pause from your phone fast forward rewind you name it also there is an extension on your chrome tab (computer only) that allows you to stream the entire screen to the tv now this is still in beta form but I love it because I dont have cable (im cheap) and this allows me to go to project free tv and watch the walking dead or game of thrones from the computer stream it to the tv and click full screen and now youve got quality free tv (if your in full screen mode you cant use the computer to do seperate task in that mode) if you want to view a pic or personal video save just drop the pic into a chrome tab (computer only) and boom its on the tv now the bad side the wifi dongo is extremely bad my home is roughly 1200 square feet the router and chromecast seprated by about 18 (centurylink router) feet got a terrible signal and sometimes dropped the streaming task it had also the apps are limited but in enough time more developers will be on board and you can stream more but now its only the few I mentioned before so all in all if you router is close enough and there are too many wall or you have a really good router this buy is the only thing that makes sense nothing comparesside note: if your going to stream something in hd from the play store do it on your phone play store on a computer (you can view your purchase when you log into your google) won't work stream in hd just 480p or under
Seems like people just like to gush over anything Google. Well this thing does NOT work as advertised. I suggest before buying and rather than reading all this glowing reviews, you go check the google groups for this product first. Look at the number of unanswered questions there.Chromecast is at best in ALPHA, even though google itself calls it a BETA release. It is not ready for production. I am not sure why they released it to the masses.1. Installation is a nightmare. Took me about 3 hrs and 3 different PC/Laptop combinations to install through one PC. Even then, the other 2 machines did not see it on the SAME WIRED network. One thing I thought was funny was the number of times I got the "Uh-oh moment" error which basically means "we are as confused as you are."2. Bought this to replace an old laptop I had hooked up to my TV. thought it was less bulky and I loved the id of Tab Casting. I though I could cast amazon prime shows using that. Well, any site I tried casting (other than the 4-5 sites like youtube, netflix etc that are optimized to work with this thing) FAILED to cast. I would get a still image of my PC on TV. Thought it was my Flash Player as most these sites have embedded flash content. Uninstalled and re-installed flash but nope that wasn't it. Called google support. Below is the system req they SAY you need for tab casting [...] Phone support did not know this. They told me 'tab casting does not work.'3. Finally after posting to the google groups someone was kind enough to admit this product is not ready fro primetime. The only tab casting supported is on one particular Chromebook machine and nothing else!If you need to cast Youtube videos on your TV then I guess this is great. Otherwise, stay away
If you are looking for a consistent experience when watching movies, then this device is what you need. Google has hit the bulls eyes...if you have more than one TV  and most likely the bands are different like i do you will never be able to have the same experience throughout your home, the reason is that all TVs have their own UI some are OK some are down right ugly. Top sets like apple TV or Roku are good in there own right but they only address part of what a true movie night experience can be. Chromecast however addresses 99% of what i consider as a great experience for watching movies...with the Chromecast you create your own, you have your choose of OS or you can use both if you have both platforms IOS or droid...by using your phone  or tablet you can now browse for what you want to watch and once you find just click on the Chromecast icon if the TV is off it will switch on the TV and go to the correct input and show what you chosen to cast, or say the TV is on cable channel ESPN it will switch to the correct input to cast your chosen flick... no more having to switch to the top set or use that ugly UI that the TVs come with. no more using the remote to type for searching a movie to watch... you now type on the device of your choice. Its completely different from airplay...as once you start casting your device is free for anything or anyone to use. there are more features or uses not mention...You will not be unhappy if you get this one.Some might complain about lack of supported apps....but the same complaints were heard of Appletv etc and many new devices in this space...once Google put their resources behind this product it will be hands down the best way for movie night...Once apps like NBA, NHL, Picasa. M-GO and the likes joins... I think it will be truly the best streaming device out there...That's my take, hope it helps anyone who trying to make a decision.Note Device at home.1.Top Sets= Appletv, Roku, WD, Google, PS3, Chromecast  (only using Chromecat now)2. TV= Sony 4K 65", Sony 47" Vizio 70"  (absolutly hate UI)3. OS Platform=ipads and iphone, Sony tablet z, sony phone z, HTC One, S3  (Apple device seems to have the updated apps when compared between the two OS's)Will updated if my opinion changes for any reason.
PROS:--Portability : about the size of a car key fob--Relatively Easy setup--Convert nearly any TV or projector into a "smart" device--Great for travelers and roadwarriors, no more "idiot" tv's for you!--Comes with a HDMI extender, no worries if you have a tight squeeze around your HDMI ports - google has you covered!--Comes with wall wart and micro-USBCONS:--Limited app support and functionality at this time; PEOPLE - KEEP IN MIND THIS HAS NO APPS ON IT! YOU MUST USE YOUR OTHER SMART DEVICE (laptop,tablet,phone, etc.)--No way to overcome web based Wifi authenticationIN THE BOX: Chromecast, micro USB cable(3ft), HDMI extender, USB wall wart (power block), papers.My scenario:I bought it thinking I would use it for travel, get to a hotel and BAM! have a smart streaming TV with just this magical little device...1 problem, most hotel wifi use portal based authentication (i.e. webpage "accept" and click) which won't work with the chromecast, now casting locally stored videos (i.e. on your phone,tablet,etc already) that will most likely work ok. One work around would be to get a travel pocket router and use the hard line network jack in the hotel room to broadcast your own wifi for the chromecast to interface with, but now you have another gadget to haul around and setup just got more time consuming. Given that scenario, most people (including me) would rather just watch whatever on their tablet / laptop, and/or use an HDMI cable. Lets face it, most laptops and droids have HDMI (or micro/mini) and that means only lugging a single cable along with no setup time.Closing thoughts:I had really hoped this was going to be more like a "droid-on-a-stick" device like you see from the china warehouse sites, alas it is only really just a connection portal for dumb TV's. In reality if you have a smart TV, DVD/Bluray, PS3/Xbox, etc. you really have little, to no need for this device. It is basically just a wireless HDMI port.While this doesn't work for my intended purpose, I don't fault the device. I would be crazy to think that this was the "one magic HDMI dongle to rule them all" gadget. If you have older LCD's in your house, this is a cheap way to upgrade to a smart device, especially given the price point, it's hard to go wrong.
I have had my eyes on this device since the day it was released and was very excited for it because I saw the potential it had.  I also own a Logitech Revue, which I love (except for the lack of continued support), and an Xbox.  I bought this because I wanted to stream videos from my (nearby) desktop computer.  With only a weeks worth of use I can say that I am very impressed and happy with my purchase.  Although the device has some limitations, which are hopefully temporary, I can say the potential is huge!!!  My first impressions are as follows:PROS:- Setup: Simple! As a self described FANdroid, Google shamelessly steals Apple product packaging and beats them at their own game when it comes to setup.  I was up and running in less than 5 minutes.- Usage: Using the device is so simple.  My friends and family were amazed how easily they could share video on the big screen from their own phone.  Casting anything from my desktop is easy too while using Chrome!  I was a little discouraged when I wanted to browse the internet with it until I realized there is an "experimental" option to cast the entire desktop.  (Although the mouse cursor is not cast properly yet, I see this as being a future addition.)- Price: No comparison!  Nothing else compares to the value of this device.  I love my Revue but this unit does essentially everything that it does and allows anyone to share their videos/music as they please.- Travel: This thing is perfect for anyone on the go!  I have not been able to use it yet in a hotel but I already plan on buying a second one just to keep in my travel bag.  Setup is so easy and allows you to watch whatever you want.- Opportunity: This is the biggest "Pro" in my opinion!  Google has not opened up the SDK yet, but when they do the possibilities are endless for this device.  I see this as being the device that forces the cable/satellite providers to reevaluate their offerings.  It has huge potential!CONS: (few but worth mentioning)- On Screen Selection:  My only major gripe is that you are forced to use your phone/tablet/computer to select you next video which is not shown on screen.  Owning a Google TV box and Xbox I enjoy being able to review a movie or show with my audience before watching it.  I wish I could cast the entire Netflix app so that I can see what I'm about to watch and share this with everyone else.- "Open" source: Ok, so even as a fan of Google and Android, I'll admit I wish Google would open up the SDK to everyone and allow all apps to have access to this wonderful device.  I think this will happen soon and I understand why Google would want to "lock in" the big players such as Netflix, HBO, etc. but I still want a more open environment since it will only enhance the product.FINAL THOUGHTS:Overall I highly recommend this product and plan on making this my go to Christmas gift this year.  It truly is a great device and really has a huge potential to take over the living room!  If you are wanting a streaming device, this is the one to get.  It's cheap, quick to set up, and has most the functionality of any other device (and functionality is going to expand soon *hopefully*).
What a useless little device.  Its really nothing more than a glorified Youtube player.  If you are tech-savvy you probably already have a smart internet-connected TV or a Roku or a laptop with HDMI output, all of which do way more than this guy.  You can "throw" Youtube from your computer to your TV but that's about it.  Oh...and it does Netflix but not if you're running Linux ('cause Netflix refuses to support Linux on philosophical grounds...but that's another tale.)  I didn't test Netflix since we're a Linux household, but I'd expect it works fine.  But again, there are so many other ways to watch Netflix who needs an extra dongle.  By the time you click your remote to select this HDMI device, you could have selected the native Netflix app on the TV or cranked up your Roku.  It does Google Play Movies as well as Google Play Music but this device doesn't add any functionality.  My Google Music connects via bluetooth directly to my sound system.  Why would I want to run the TV just so I can throw music from my phone or computer to the TV and then back through the sound system.Lastly and this is no big deal, but some really smart programmers figured out how to root the Chromecast within days of its release.  They added all kinds of functionality but Google quickly found a way to re-handicap its device forcing an automatic "upgrade" as soon as it powers up the first time.  This blocked the root exploit.  So rather than create a device and let smart people all over the world figure out how to make it do the coolest things, they chose to prevent its real use by keeping it handicapped.So buy this if you really have no way to watch Netflix on your TV.  Or if you want to buy movies from Google Play.  Or just can't get enough Youtube.  (As if....)Google continues to prove its not in the business of creating new and innovative hardware or delivering content in new ways.  Its about collecting information and selling it.This thing didn't add anything to my technology experience.  Thanks to Amazon for accepting a return.
"Send video or anything on the Web to your TV from your smartphone, tablet, or laptop."Let's clarify this, shall we, since no "fine print" or disclaimer appears anywhere on the packaging:"Send video or anything on the Web to your TV from your PC (via Chrome), or send a few selected apps (that you already have on your Smart TVs and/or Blu-Ray Players, as of 2011) to your TV from your Android tablet or smartphone. *Though we're 'working on it,' Chrome on Android does not currently support casting video from web pages, or web pages themselves."Does this help to clarify things?  Think people would still buy it?  I wouldn't have, given that the one and only reason I purchased it was to enable the viewing, on my 60" television, via my S4, of web-based broadcast TV replays that aren't present in Netflix (e.g. last night's "The Blacklist," via nbc.com).  "Send video or anything on the Web to your TV from your smartphone, tablet, or laptop."  Hmmm.  No...that isn't actually the case.  I expect truth in advertising, and this is what appears to be a blatant statement of something that simply isn't true.  It may be the case that it *becomes* true...but as of today, 12/3/13, it is not, and thus, the box should not state it as present fact.  The sad reality is that, as of today, this device adds no value unless you're one of the few hundred people on the planet who can't already access Netflix, YouTube, and a couple other choice apps from either your TV directly or your Blu-Ray player...*unless* you have a relatively high-end PC on your wi-fi network (your netbook isn't going to cut it...trust me) *and* you cannot run a length of HDMI cable in your house/apartment.  Why "and?"  A weak CPU will send weak video..it's that simple."You should have researched it first."  No.  "Send video or anything on the Web to your TV from your smartphone, tablet, or laptop."  This is a false statement.  You *cannot* send anything (at all...I mean nothing [excluding app-based content]) on the Web from your smartphone or tablet.  What am I missing, here?  Shame on Google.Don't get me wrong...for $35, for those who are vehemently opposed to simply spending $50 on a Blu-Ray player that includes the same apps, or those with powerful laptops and PCs on their networks who cannot run HDMI cables to their televisions for any reason (I can't think of one, minus different floors in a house, e.g...but then, how would you control your PC or laptop? :)), this device is perfectly fine.  Well, not really; even when transmitting from an app, am I getting the 1080p that I'd get using my Blu-Ray player's apps?  "HD" isn't good enough for me, given that said device's apps confirm specific resolutions.  Further, why would I want to use my PC to send video (using the worst browser under the stars--you guessed it--Chrome) at "720p, high bit-rate," when I can simply send the same video via my PC's HDMI output at 1080/60p?  Why would I want to use an inferior device that doesn't add additional value?  I wouldn't.  I'm gifting it (to the only person in the world, to my knowledge, without a Blu-Ray player that has Netflix installed on it [as of 2013]...my grandmother). :)p.s. "unknown" is actually a ~5 mbps stream (on "extreme," of course...) that is uploaded by the PC to your network, then downloaded and displayed by Chromecast (I measured and monitored speed with NetMeter).  It frequently stutters, and audio often loses sync with video, requiring reloading of the browser tab...and that's with a new wireless N 300 mpbs router.  If you still use an old wireless G router, it isn't likely that you'll be watching smooth "720p extreme" casts (the average G router maxes out at 13 mbps download and 2-3 up, despite whatever it claims to do).  Also, on "extreme," audio is uploaded and output at 32 kHz (LPCM)...which means output frequency response is limited to 16 kHz.  All things considered, it's a far cry from using HDMI (1080/60p at 44-192 kHz, depending on your settings)...so I continue to recommend simply finding a way to use an HDMI cable, if at all possible, in place of casting browser tabs.  A 25-foot cable (which should be more than sufficient for most situations) can be had for $7: http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss_1?url=search-alias%3Daps&field-keywords;=25+hdmi
So if you're reading my review, you probably already have a general idea of what the Chromecast is about. I'm not going to regurgitate the technicalities of what Chromecast does like the other reviewers before me have done already. What I will tell you though, is why I personally like the Chromecast device.First and foremost, my family is a *HEAVY* user of Netflix. I purchased my first Chromecast as a "test" to see if it was really worth the $35 back when they first released it.  A few months later, I'm buying my second one for another room.As of this writing (12/3/2013), Chromecast currently supports Netflix, YouTube, HBO GO, Hulu Plus, Pandora, and Google Play Movies and Music mobile apps and streaming through the Chrome PC browser.  If you have any of those apps on your mobile device and it is the latest version, you will automatically have the ability to "cast" to the Chromecast from within the App.  If on Chrome PC, you download the "Google Cast" extension for your Chrome browser.I do not have HBO Go or Hulu Plus. Nor do I use Pandora or Google Play Movies.  On occasion, I will cast YouTube and it works as expected.Netflix App Performance:The app performance is wonderful.  It actually seems to be faster than compared to my Vizio Smart TV Netflix App as well as my Western Digital SMP app.  Videos queue very quickly.  The *ONLY* beef I have with the Netflix App is specific to when you're watching TV shows on Netflix.  All other Netflix Apps on my TV, media players, phone, iPad, Xbox360 will automatically play the next episode.  It doesn't do this on the Chromecast.  So when a TV episode is over, I have to whip up the app again and manually select the next TV episode.Setup:The setup is easy and the only requirements are:1. That you have WiFi in your location.2. A mobile device (Android or IOS) OR PC to use a a cast "source"3. The mobile device and/or PC is on the SAME network as your Chromecast. For most of you, that means they are connected to the same router you have in your home (whether wired or wirelessly).4. You have the Chromecast App on your mobile device or the Chrome browser w/ Google Cast extension on your PC for the initial setup process.5. The support app is the latest version that supports Chromecast.The reason I give this device 5 stars is because of the price and potential.  I can't think of a cheaper device to let me play my Netflix on my TV.  Plus many of you are complaining that there's not enough "apps" supported by the Chromecast, but be aware that it is in its infancy.  The SDK (software development kit) is currently not available, so homebrew folks and companies can't support it yet.  There are alternatives in "beta testing" where you can cast stuff other than the current apps, but it will take time.  I'm sure in a year from now, we'll see a lot more apps supported, whether official or unofficial. But coming from just someone who uses Netflix, I couldn't be happier.
The simplicity of this device is both it success and failure.My home network is fairly standard for a business man with the exception that I often connect to my office.  Other than a solid firewall and a fixed IP address everything else pretty standard.  I use a Cisco router that doesn't support Universal Plug & Play and a hot company connection means I need to use my company DNS (Windows Active Directory) servers or I can't find  the corporate resources I need.  DHCP is disabled to prevent casual, unwanted connections.  I use WPA2 Enterprise instead of Personal because I initially login via a radius server for authentication.Chromecast doesn't work on my network, it;s not really very different but for Chrome cast to work, it's all wrong.  Chromecast absolutely cannot be used where the network is complicated in any way.  it allows only an automated configuration and that works on only the most basic of networks where the configuration is exactly what it expects to find and the lack of any way to  manual configure it is a show stopper.So the takeaway is :-If you take one to the office expecting it to work, it almost certainly won't.If you don't have a DHCP server to issue an address, it won't work.if you disable UP&P; for security or you're router lacks UP&P; capability it won't workIt will (eventually) work on most networks without WPS capability but it's slow to connect for some reason. This is odd, it doesn't need or use WPS for anything but if it's disabled or the router lacks WPS it connects much more slowly.If you use anything other than WPA2 Personal (or none at all), it won't work.If yo need a DNS source other than Google you're out of luck, it won't do it.In short, it only works with one network configuration, if yours differs by any of the above, it won't work.It seems a shame, had the developers taken a few minutes and included a few lines of code to enable manual configuration it would probably work almost anywhere, probably even most cooperate networks.AFH
12/11/13-Further Update: Chromecast has one big advantage over Apple TV. You can cast content to your TV as the SAME TIME you are using your iPhone vs. the Apple TV. If you use your phone to stream content to an Apple TV you are only allowed to stream content you are watching and you cannot do anything else with your phone while streaming. So the Chromecast advantage is it allows me to check text, e-mails, surf the web or use apps while casting at the same time. You can literally cast Netflix to your TV while watching another video like ESPN on your iPhone at the same time if you wanted to do this.12/4/13-Finally found phone number for Google Chromecast Support. After speaking to rep for 40 minutes still couldn't set up Chromecast using iPhone vs PC liked I tried 1st day (see below) until rep gave up and was just going to e-mail me list of things I should try after our call. I looked at my firewall settings on gateway(modem/router). Security was set at Max/High and this prevented set up. I set to Medium and Chromecast set up completed in about a minute. The rep never suggested looking at firewall settings and put me on hold several times trying to find answer to set up issues. I was now finally able to cast from PC or iPhone. The cast button now shows up within HBOGO, Pandora, Netflix & YouTube Apps on iPhone. I was able to put firewall back on High Security after set up and Chromecast worked properly.But the next day my iPhone refused to acknowledge Chromecast was set up even though TV showed Ready to Cast. Casting from PC worked but not the iPhone. I started to set up like a new device using the iPhone and suddenly the Chromecast showed up as Ready to cast. So it does not work as seamless like the Apple TV.I also had issue trying to pause after phone went to sleep while casting. Since you are not streaming but actually casting you cannot use pause button within apps but must wait for Chromecast to be recognized and use that pause button. When I was able to pause however it started up again and It would not allow me to just display on iPhone or eject until after numerous attempts.12/2/13-Original Review Posted: I used my PC during 1st installation set up attempt vs iPhone. Suggest you use your iPhone for initial set up if this will be your primary casting device vs. a PC. The Chromecast works just fine after setting up using the iPhone.For starters I have iOS version 7.0.4 installed on an iPhone5 which is Apple's most current version. All Apps are most recent versions.I downloaded the Google Cast extension for Chrome on iOS/iPhone. The support.google.com/chromecast/troubleshooterpage indicated the Cast button should be shown within the HBOGO, Pandora & YouTube apps but it is not. I went so far as to delete the apps and re-install trying to fix the casting issue but this made no difference.I am able to cast from within the Netflix app for iPhone only. However, it takes numerous attempts get casting to work as well.I was able to cast once after installation from the PC but now keep getting the message "Connected to network but can't access the internet" or "Brain Freeze, were sorry but something could not load".And the most annoying thing is the Chromecast keeps knocking off my PC from the wifi network like during the installation process. I have to manually reconnect to my network. This NEVER happened before Chromecast (12/3 I fixed this issue by unchecking connect automatically on start up button which was making Chromecast my desired home network. I hit this button when I had issues trying to set up and thought this might be the reason for set up problems which was really firewall settings)I also have Apple TV. Compared to Chromecast the Apple TV is much better and works seamlessly with about 10 times the more available content but will run you 3X the cost of Chromecast. Depends on your needs.
I purchased my Chromecast a few weeks ago and I love the device.I use it mostly to stream Netflix while I am doing my homework or a project where I need to use my laptop. Before I was plugging my laptop up to my TV and in doing that I cannot get the use of my computer at the same time, so this device is perfect for multitasking.I come from a family of Apple lovers so I have received a lot of flack for buying this device and having windows or Android products over Apple products. So it being compared to the Apple TV is a little frustrating at times.Again, Netflix is my top use, the quality is amazing and I like that I can put on a movie and close my computer or open up a new tab and do research. It does get a little frustrating when watching a TV show because sometimes it doesn't register that you have watched it but switching is very easy of course, so it doesn't change how I feel about the product.Streaming my browser straight to the TV does not have a great quality but I do not use this feature much unless the site contains a video or content I want to make bigger to show someone.When I purchased there were not many comments about it or reviews so I purchased it by chance from just reading a small description and seeing what it could do in the commercials, but it is exactly what I have been looking for in a device. Before the Chromecast was released I was looking into a Wireless HDMI but I am glad I did not spend the money to buy that product. The price for the Chromecast is amazing on top of that, I was shocked at how low the price was.UPDATE!I just posted this review but I was looking through comments and discovered that I can stream local content by dragging the file into my browser search bar and it works amazing.I have a lot of video files and being able to watch movies in that format is amazing. Everything I learn about this device make me love it even more!
When Chromecast works, it's great. Sadly, it is incredibly inconsistent and I no longer use it. My primary intended use was to stream Netflix, but I have gone back to using my Wii despite all the things I have to hook up and connect that take up a lot of space.THE GOOD: Inexpensive, very slim, transportable, great concept, very cool and easy navigation via your smartphone/tablet, friends can use it too on guest mode, can scroll through your pictures as a backdropTHE BAD: Oh sweet thing...you are so unreliable. It works more often in my living room (router nearby!) but much less often in my basement. However, all other WiFi products work just fine in all areas of my house. For this reason I would argue it would work better where there is a very very very strong WiFi signal...however, even 15 feet from my router, Chromecast **DOES NOT ALWAYS WORK*** I cannot ever count on it. Sometimes it will connect and I will start a movie, then when I want to pause it later, my smartphone and tablet act like I'm not connected to Chromecast anymore.I made an important realization. First I thought my WiFi could be the issue, HOWEVER, Netflix proved me wrong. As I write this review I am sitting in my basement, and when I open my Netflix app on my smartphone, I can stream to a smart tv in my house that is literally SOOO freaking far away that it is basically in another neighborhood. Okay but really it is two levels up and on the other side od the house. However, where is Chromecast to be found? Apparently, I have 100% luck streaming to a smart tv from across the house, but like 65% luck casting with Chromecast to a tv 3 feet away from me.BOTTOM LINE: Disappointed. If you have a very strong WiFi signal maybe you will have better luck than me, but it seems this is harder to work with than other comparable technologies that involve HD media. Do not use this for anything important like a college presentation as it will not help you there!
Easy to use. Works very well.That is how I would sum this device up. I'm a software developer so bleeding-edge tech is not something that intimidates me. Quite the opposite actually. So I was expecting that I would need to go above and beyond to get the Chromecast working. I couldn't have been more wrong.You literally plug the thing in and follow the instructions. I installed the app on my Nexus 7 tablet and let it do its thing. I was even (pleasantly) surprised that it picked up my WiFi password from the tablet and provided it to the Chromecast for me. That was great as I was dreading typing in a 26-character password into *another* device.As for the operation, compatible apps on your tablet or phone will auto-magically find Chromecast and display the Chromecast icon (via your home WiFi network... wireless is a requirement). Touching the icon will send the content to Chromecast turning the device into a remote control. YouTube, Netflix, and Pandora all work like a charm. I've had Pandora running for hours from my Galaxy S4 to the Chromecast with no hiccups whatsoever and Netflix has worked perfect as well. It is honestly so easy my parents could handle it.The only disappointment right now is the lack of first-party apps and support. However, given the popularity of the thing, I've got to believe that will change. While it is true that you can cast from the Chrome browser to the Chromecast, you should know you need a plugin (free) and that it only works on the desktop version of Chrome. Copy-protected content (Silverlight-based content and some others like Hulu) won't stream over the tab casting feature. The mobile version of Chrome does not support casting tabs to the Chromecast (yet).This is now my go-to solution for streaming content to the TV supplanting an Mk802 android stick. Smart TVs and consoles and such are convenient but the Netflix/Hulu/etc don't get updated nearly as often on those devices (if ever). With Chromecast, I'm always running the latest version and as it grows in popularity it will only get better.
I ordered the Chromecast on Friday Evening from my iPhone.  I was away on Saturday, but when I came home on Sunday, the package was in my mailbox!  My account shows that it was delivered on Sunday, but I don't normally get Sunday delivery.  I was amazed!  Kudos to Amazon for such a quick response!The setup for the Chromecast was fairly simple.  I plugged it into an empty HDMI port on my TV and plugged the other plug (connected with a separate plug from the opposite end of the HDMI plug) into a USB port on my TV.  The device is powered through the USB port (an optional power cord is provided to plug into an outlet).  I then ran a setup app from my laptop which found the Chromecast through my network and set everything up.  This took about 15 minutes.  The app placed a "Google Cast" icon on my Google browser that enabled me to "cast" content  from a tab on my browser.  In addition, I was able to stream content from HBOGo, Netflix, YouTube and Pandora to my TV.  I watched a show on HBOGo and was able to switch to another tab to surf the internet while the show continued to play.  Pretty neat.  To playback from an iPhone or iPad, you download the Chromecast App and you can stream content from these devices via your home WiFi setup.  You run the original setup once and then just install the App on other devises and you get the "Cast" icon on the additional devices.  It doesn't get much simpler than that.The device doesn't everything I'd like it to do, but it's pretty good for the price.  For instance, I can't stream content from my NAS drive to the TV, but I have a WD TVLive that does this just fine.  Also, I have to go back to the particular app, such as HBOGo, to control playback, but these are minor issues given the price of the device.  Kudos to Google for creating such an inexpensive device that delivers as advertised.  Hopefully, support for more applications will come in the future.
I had a good idea of what I was getting into so I was delighted to get my Chromecast.  Since having an iPad and already being aware of how many videos have mobile-access limits, I understood how Chromecast works.  It allows you to "cast" (as-in casting a net in a pond to catch fish) and "reel-in" content from your mobile device (with it's already known video access limits) as well as allowing you to "cast" from your PC or in my case my Mac.Since you first log into the Chromecast device as if it were a wifi hotspot, then log back into your normal wifi Internet, the device itself ends up accessing Internet on its own after its fully installed.  Chromecast will then stream content direct from the Internet and not your device or computer, although it requires your mobile device to be actively engage on the wifi network as a persistent authentication is required to maintain streaming capabilities.  If you have photos and videos on your mobile device (cell or tablet) they may or may not be "cast-able".  The best option for you is to use a cloud to store your pics (Picasa) and videos (ex. YouTube must be set to "Public") and share them via apps that work with Chromecast.You can also use Google Chrome browser, add the Chromecast extension and be able to "cast" or transmit if you prefer everything from your computer, except of course audio which must be output by your computer's audio port.  What I love most is how portable it is, basically the size a thumb drive and you can take it anywhere you have an HDTV and want to bring your Netflix, HBO Go or other supported content.  Since Google still owns Google TV and Widevine's technology, I'm sure they'll be more to come soon I'm sure!
I ordered the Chromecast on 7/26/13 when I first heard of it. I finally received it on 9/12/13. I have been using it since and my overall impression is that it is a great idea but needs further development to truly live up to its potential.Pros:Set up is very easy. Connected to my wifi network and we were off & running.Works really well with Netflix & YouTube. Since it is streaming the content itself, you can use your phone/tablet to do something else.It works with my Samsung S3, wife's iPhone 5S and LG G-Slate tablet running Gingerbread.Cons:The biggest issue that we had is the inability to quickly access control of what's playing. In the Netflix app, we would start watching. If I need to get up & want to pause Netflix, have to unlock the phone to see the app. You then have to wait for the app to reconnect to Chromecast and have the blue "Now Playing" bar to show up, then click on it, THEN pause. This happens with both the iPhone & Samsung S3. It could take anywhere from 10 to 30 seconds before you could actually pause the show, which seems like an eternity. Surprisingly, the old LG G-Slate was the easiest as the lock screen itself displayed a still of what was playing with a pause icon in the middle.What's worse is that in the last month, the above problem has reached the point that now, once the mobile phone has gone into standby mode, when you go back, the Netflix app will no longer show the small Chromecast square at all. The only option is to completely close the app & restart. Even then, it may or may not work. Again, this happens on both phones and now even the tablet. This resulted in us going back to using the Wii for Netflix and look for other solutions.The YouTube streaming worked better than Netflix but also degraded as time went on. Now, 3 out 4 times if you went back to the phone, the app no longer displayed the Chromecast square symbol & the app had to be shutdown & restarted.The mirroring of Chrome did not work as well as I was hoping it would. Video for which there is no Chromecast-compatible app (such as Hulu) suffered from severe lag & was unwatchable. This occurred from both my Dell Win7 Laptop & my wife's MacBook. Pictures worked ok but with a 1-5 second delay between doing something on browser and seeing the result on the TV. Watching videos stored locally thru Chrome was a little better then streaming but would have 30-45 second pauses every 4-5 minutes of video. Displaying static sites worked fine except for the lag in what you did on the computer showing up on the TV, such as scrolling. In all cases, the wi-fi network in the home is strong, with a current router, no cordless phones etc.Conclusion: I was incredibly excited when I originally read about Chromecast. In my experience, it did not provide the type of experience that I was hoping for. The development of more compatible apps has been disappointing but the worst aspect of it is the degraded performance over time which pretty much has made the device unusable for our household. We are once again thinking of possibly getting a Roku box or getting the PS4, now that the kids are 9 & 7. The Chromecast will be sitting in the garage & I will bring it out again once it seems Google has developed it further.
I have had the Chromecast for a month now.So far I have streamed with Chromcast with my Android tablet and my laptop using the chrome browser or the Chromecast plugin.  The set up is simple. It is similar to connecting your device via Bluetooth.  Streaming Netflix, Pandora, Hulu +, and Youtube has been smooth.  I have connected my Chromecast to my WiFi network and added my laptop and tablet as my supported devices.The device is a simple USB device (I assume is to power the device via the TV) and you are provided the option to use the provided HDMI wire or the AC power cord that is also provided.  The simplest connection, at least for me, was using the HMDI wire.Things to consider, if you don't use a majority of the supported apps I do not recommend getting this device.Also, I have seen others ask whether or not this device syncs or can connect with their receiver.  This is a fair question.  I was wondering about this too.  I was worried using the device will not allow me to utilize my surround sound that was managed by my receiver and I would reluctantly have to use the speakers on my TV or figure out some way to connect the audio that was to be streamed.  Luckily, when testing the device the audio instantly, automatically, came from my surround sound speakers.  I did not have to do a thing.  Now, I can't say that this could be applied for all receivers, but as this device can connect to your TV via HDMI, if your TV is connected to your receiver than audio thru you receiver shouldn't be a problem.  Again, I am not sure if this works with all receivers.  This is only my logic.Another thing to consider, I am not sure if other users have mentioned this detail.  I have discovered that using Chromecast requires a great deal of broadband as it must be connected with your home network and then synced with your device.  Streaming requires a lot of data.  So if your contract with your ISP does not cover a great deal of data/broadband than you will find yourself frustrated and feel like you're back in the early internet stages when streaming was interrupted by buffering.Also, from my experience while using the device, you can simultaneously stream the content you selected on your device (your laptop, tablet, or phone) and perform other tasks, whatever they may be, without interruption.One thing to keep in mind, once you have selected content to stream, Chromecast will continue to stream it without interruption unless you are having internet issues or discontinue the stream.Let me explain further, I was streaming a youtube playlist via my laptop to the Chromecast device. To test the integrity of the product, I shutdown my laptop assuming this will interrupt my streaming, however it did not.  The playlist continued to play, despite the fact that my laptop was off.  I thought this was cool at first until I was done watching and then turned off my television.  A few minute later, when I turned the TV back on, my playlist was still playing.  It did not pause or was interrupted, the data was still streaming.To solve this I attempted to 'shutdown' the Chromecast device, but the best way that worked for me, was to completely remove the device from the TV.  So now, when I am not using the device, I disconnect it.  Another reason is because when using the internet on any of my synced devices, although I had no desire to stream it truly slowed down my connection, even though I had removed the Chromecast plugin from my Chromebrowser.If you're someone who uses the internet  a lot or one that likes to reserve energy, keep this in mind.  However, the device works well, I truly am looking forward to when Chromecast will be compatible with other apps.  Like Amazon Prime, DramaFever, Spotify, who knows.
I hooked this thing up today and have taken it for a test spin. Setup was quick and easy. Getting my browser to work with it took a little more fiddling, but that's just because I didn't want my work email associated with my youtube etc... nevermind. Anyway, Chromecast works basically as promised. It's sort of neat that I can pull up a youtube video on my phone or tablet or computer and get it playing on my big screen.It was apparent right away though that the image was cropped on my screen. I'm running a 1080p stream to a 1080p screen, and don't have this issue with my PS3, Xbox, Blu Ray player, or Boxee or Roku. I streamed my screen as well, and sure enough it wasn't a true representation of my laptop screen. Didn't matter what I streamed from either - I tried doing so from my phone, and the youtube video was cropped on all sides - looked zoomed in. I played around with my tv settings, and it didn't fix the issue. There's no settings to be found for fixing it either.Even zoomed in, it was a nice quick way to send youtube to my tv (even though I have other methods) - it's easily the fastest way considering the time it takes to fire up other devices. Hulu was also zoomed in, and the performance was choppy. I noticed I had to have the video playing in my laptop at the same time and I couldn't close the lid on my laptop. If I went full screen, Hulu would show full screen on my tv, but I couldn't do anything else with my laptop. The video on my laptop was not synced with the video on the screen. So if I want to watch hulu and do other stuff with my laptop, I have to watch it in the browser window which you can see on the tv screen rather than full screen. Full screen crops the video anyway though like I said, so there's really no good way to watch hulu I don't think. Unless I'm missing something.Netflix had the same issue as Hulu with the cropping and full screen. Youtube didn't have the full screen issue where I couldn't do anything else with my laptop... just the cropping.This is a decent little device for the price, but I probably won't use it for much besides youtube streaming. I'd say for what it costs, if you plan to only use it to stream Youtube, it's worth the money. Otherwise, save your hdmi port for something better. If I had a time machine, I would probably not buy it again since I don't really need it. In fact, I may relegate it to the bedroom tv that never really gets used. I'm going to hang on to it though to see if they release updates for it that make it better. So far, a pretty "meh" experience.
I've had this for a few years now. Honestly, I have only been using it for Netflix. And not very often. My challenge has been the wires and components of the television, DVR, DVD, Blue tooth. What goes where has been pretty intimidating for me. Not so for the computerized set-up of things (I hope that makes sense).So, we've been using it to watch a popular Netflix series these days. I have my husband or son set up the wiring stuff. Then we watch. Well, today, my husband used it to watch videos from his computer. Something I so did not know how to do (he didn't either at the time). He figured it out.I had two "Eureka" discoveries with it today. First is that plugging the unit into the USB of the television so it is connected all of the time. The second, and I so celebrate my husband teaching me this, is to use it in conjunction with Google Chrome OS. Oh, it was so easy once I understood it! I had a ball streaming all kinds of videos /shows from my computer to the big screen!! It really is terrific.I've struggled for a long time because I prefer the big screen, but I didn't get that the computer (I'm telling you, the Google Chrome is the ticket) could stream on the television. And it really is simple! I don't want to watch stuff on my computer screen. I want the full monty, LOL!I KNOW I am going to use this a LOT more now that I better understand how to use it to my advantage. I think I'll be watching a lot less real television and more stuff via Chromecast. I may even get rid of cable (at $230/month). This is well worth the purchase!
Simple, cheap, effective, software works great. I have had it a few weeks and don't use it a lot, but I've watched three or four movies through it (through Netflix) and I've shown a few Youtube videos to my wife and kids and everything operated fine. My daughter spent part of her time out of school this week to do a marathon viewing of One Tree Hill and she reported it worked great for her as well.I do not use it beyond that and at this time, I don't plan to. I can report that I've had few if any issues at all. Sometimes it loads a little slower than I'd like but I can blame my ISP's spotty cable internet for that. Still, it's a tremendous bargain compared to Apple TV (and I have an iPad, an iPhone and I am writing this review on an iMac, so I am not an Apple hater). My daughter has a windows phone and couldn't find an app for it, though she does have an Android-based B&N; Nook HD+ that runs it just fine.EDIT: After several months, I've taken to watching HBO Go through it and it works well, too. Its memory of where you stopped watching is a little spottier than it is through Netflix, but shows play great through it. I am disappointed that Showtime doesn't offer support for it through an Apple app. I've read you can "cast" from your computer if you log into Showtime Anytime, but my computer stays on a desk in another room and I have no idea how to set this up and don't care to work to figure it out. Still keeping it at 5 stars because it's very good for what it is and the device can't be blamed for Showtime's lack of support.
It works essentially as advertised. The only major issue is that computer has to be connected via WiFi, this goes counter to what the page advertises. "Easy setup: Plug into any HDTV and connect to your home WiFi network." I see no reason why the Chromecast can't handle streaming video from any computer connected to the network. This doesn't really affect those who use tablets, smart phones, and most (if not all) laptops. But for desktop users who would more likely have only a wired connection and not have a WLAN adapter this would be a problem. If you can do it with a computer remote phone app, I don't see why Google couldn't figure it out. As it stands the Chromecast program for your computer is just a glorified configuration manager. Using it like a server app or as an A/V broadcaster would be great.With that in mind it does as advertised, it works, and it's relatively simple to set up. It's in no way a game changer, if it could stream the video output from your computer like you would by plugging in an HDMI cable into your monitor or TV then it'd be a great device. We can only hope that Google does an update to it's Chromecast program that enables this.*****EDIT: After some more tinkering I am partially wrong. The Chrome browser extension has an "experimental" share screen feature. This will share your screen but it will not share audio. Also, once the browser extension has been connected via WiFi you can disconnect from that and then use your normal wired connection. The Chromecast program still requires the WiFi connection on start up, but once it's started it will be fine with the wired connection. It looks like the Chromecast extension in Chrome is in "Beta" so hopefully some better progress there. You will STILL need a wireless connection from your computer initially it seems, but you can get a cheap $10 - $20 wireless adapter thumbdrive easy. If I can I'll be updating this from 3 to 4 stars, but my initial assessment is still the same. This is not a game changer.
I'll give this 2 stars, only because I feel generous. But in reality I am very dissapointed in this device. First what it took to set it up. I am a very technically oriented person and I could NOT get this set up without over an hour phone call to tech support. There is a hidden setting you have to set to get it to work, and that is turning on the chromecast wifi option in your wifi. This is stated NO WHERE. Next , I had an issue with it constantly turning off my wifi when it was trying to set up on my Galaxy s4. I had to eventually get it set up using my windows pc(not a very "portable" issue).Then it did go thru the set up, and had to do an update. After the update it seemed to work on the Galaxy. Ok, so what this DOES do.. Netflix, HboGO, Pandora, You Tube,  Google Play music (somewhat buggy), Hulu. Most dissapointing is what it does NOT do, which is part of the massive ad campaign for this device. It does NOT cast my photos, my movies, my tv shows, or anything from Chrome browser. Android is not supported for casting from Chrome. Really? the most popular OS, on the most popular tablets, and it does NOT support it? VERY dissapointing. For now I'll keep the device, but even at $35 it is dissapointing that it was falseley advertised. If you want a device for the few supportive apps, and dont mind spending a while getting it to set up, I guess its ok. I just dont like being scammed into buying something, to find it does not do what it is advertised to do. Maybe it will get better.. we shall see.Edit: I have upped to 3 stars, because I do find I am using it for HBOgo and Netflix and my google play music. I did find however more set up issues. When I took it to another house on a different network, I had the same issues trying to set it up initially with my galaxy s4 smart phone. But once I tried on an android tablet, it did set up fairly easily. I think there is some issue using a phone for initial setup, as it gets confused with the wifi, its internal chromecast network, and the cell data network.  They do have 24/7 phone support, that is fair at best, but they answer fairly quickly and try to help.Edit #2: After using this for a week or so at another location, I actually did purchase a 2nd one for my office. The set up issues I had, I discovered were from trying to do initial set up from a smart phone (Galaxy s4), apparantly it gets the networks confused. On the 2nd unit, I went to set up right from a tablet and it worked quickly and flawlessly. I think the device will have a place in the market, and as time goes on, and it can do more, it may be a decent, and well priced device.One good thing about it, is if you use multiple chromecasts at different locations, once each is set up, you can access and control any chromecast device from any phone/tablet/computer, etc..
The Google Chromecast is certainly an interesting device. It seems like Google TV in a smaller form factor. Installation is super easy, I plugged it in to an HDMI slot (AND A USB SLOT, it needs both), and it was able to find my wireless network pretty quickly. I used my phone (Verizon Droid DNA) to complete the setup process, though as I understand it you can use a laptop or tablet to complete it as well, you just need the Chromecast app.Now as for what the product is supposed to do... it works great. Unfortunately there's just not much it CAN stream right now. YouTube, Netflix, Hulu, Google services, and recently HBO Go have native streaming support. That's not to say you can't stream other things, they just need to be passed through to a desktop (or laptop) Chrome browser, but this last solution is spotty to say the least.The official apps with streaming support work wonderfully. At a recent party we had we just let people connect to our WiFi as guests and they were able to play YouTube videos and music directly from their phones, it was really cool and easy to use. Netflix streams in HD without a problem, and being able to control everything from your phone makes things convenient. My wife and I love it so much we ended up picking up two, one for downstairs and one for our bedroom.I would love to recommend this product to everyone, but at this point if you already have a device that does your streaming, the Chromecast isn't going to replace it. Once more apps come available, it will become a no-brainer, but for now you won't necessarily be missing anything if you wait a month or so. Google is hosting a developer conference for the Chromecast on December 7th 2013, so do some research early next year to see what's going to be available.
I had to come back and edit this review because I have since had time to appreciate the ease and reliability of the Chromecast HDMI Streaming Media Player compared to other Web-content delivery devices. For the record, I have two Smart DVD players, one Samsung and one Sony. three Roku boxes, and I have used two Smart TVs, one from Vizio and one from LG.My original comments on the Chromecast (abridged version): "The good: Great price. Neat device. Great packaging. Easy to plug in. Comes with an HDMI extension, for tight spaces in some TVs. Easy set up. Good tech support from Google. The Bad: I bought it to push content from my mobile device and from my mobile network, not my LAN."OK, some further explanation here, because when I first bought this thing, I misunderstood its capabilities. And, I might add, so did some of the tech support people at Google, who insisted we could get this to work on a Mobile Network. Fact is, if you think you can use this through your cell phone and your cell phone mobile Network, think again. You need to have Wifi Internet capability in your house in order for this to work. If you want to have content from your phone pushed to your TV, you need a different type of dongle.OK, so, originally, I gave the Chromecast a 1-star because it did not work from my mobile network and in the beginning Google gave me the impression it would. Now I'm giving it 4-stars. I'd give it 5 but it doesn't link with Amazon or carry the wealth of Web-content programming other smart wifi devices carry.The main thing is this. The Chromecast has a great interface. It's fast, and it shoots out HD as well if not better than anything I own. My Sony DVD player is a slow, old dog and constantly resets my router's IPs, which can be a pain in the arse. My Samsung requires that I re-initialize my accounts with User ID and Password every time there's a power failure or the device is unplugged. The Chromecast never does this.One bad thing, I have an older Android phone, running some pre-Jellybean OS. After a recent software update by Google Chromecast, my old Android became obsolete and refused to cast to the TV. You probably should be running an Android phone with jellybean 4.2 or better.
Bought to play Google Music All-Access through my receiver, so it works perfectly for that. Daughter can play Netflix from her iPhone-5 through it, so that's another plus.For $10/month (I got in while it was $8), Google All-access lets me listen to brand-new just-released music, as well as stuff going back decades. I can store the tracks on my device locally, so when my cell phone has no data, or my tablet has no WiFi, I can still listen to anything I want.With the Chromecast, I can then stream that music through my receiver and listen to it as great quality.The ONLY thing this won't do is stream music you have "sideloaded" onto your device. It'll only play what it can stream directly from Google's servers. I think this means that you would have to upload your "owned" music to Google Music, and then listen to it from there.This is only necessary with groups like Led Zeppelin, who do not seem to be available from Google All Access. Yet. But I did upload my Led Zep to Google Music, and I was able to play it from there, so... no biggee...The ONE thing it won't do well is play music or audio directly from Google Chrome on my laptop. It breaks up like a bad Bluetooth connection, or speeds up and skips.It also won't play 1080p type video directly from my laptop through Chrome, saturating the poor little thing with bandwidth. Not sure if it's the Chromecast, Chrome on the laptop, or my WiFi, but at 300Mbps on Wifi, I can't see that as the reason.Plays Netflix great at 1080p. Go figure.Does OK streaming the Chrome browser to the TV with a bit of lag, but it's nice to display web sites to the TV - or maybe even a projector in a conference room. Be aware that for corporate or other business use, DHCP would have to be available, and whatever you are streaming from would have to be on the same subnet.Can't say enough good about this, for $35, it's cheaper than a Bluetooth adapter for my receiver, and it does SO much more.
Especially at thirty five dollars! This newer technology from Google has basically one function: it connects to your flat screen and wirelessly streams data from nearly any mobile device to the TV, including video. So, you plug the Chromecast into the back of your TV using one of its HDMI ports, wirelessly connect the device to your home network (yes, this little device is a wireless device that uses your home network, so you must connect it to your network, just like you do everything else, including your smart phone, your laptop, your tablet, etc.), then install one of the Chromecast apps on either your tablet or PC (including the Google Chrome browser, which is Chromecast aware), and then you fiddle around until you will see the content on your mobile device showing up on your TV.The interesting thing about this is that, sitting on your couch with tablet in hand, you can browse YouTube, NetFlix, etc, etc. (more applets are added over time) and then watch them on your large TV screen. It's like having a projection device without all the cables, and much more convenient, because once you have all the configurations set and the apps installed, it's like having a huge screen tablet or PC on which to watch your content!Is it ready for prime time? Yes, but "yes" at about 80%. There are still some apps we would wish to see, and not every device you have is equally supported. And I've had some issues where, after watching something on YouTube (on my second generation Nexus 7, no less), the system freezes up, and I have to disconnect and reconnect to move forward to the next thing. Resolution is generally good, but it's not going to look like your Blu-Ray player in terms of sharpness. And configuring the Chromecast to connect to your router may require changing some router settings. And again, my own mobile device is Google's own Nexus 7 (2nd generation), and even it is not 100% perfect in functionality with Chromecast, so you cannot expect absolute perfection yet in terms of functionality.But as this is a new technological device, and because it brings new functionality to your home computer-based devices, and because the price is so affordable (think of what the case would be if this device had been priced at $100, instead of $35), its really worth trying out and getting to know. It will likely turn out to be a lot of fun and give you some new ways to watch digital media. Four stars out of five, and it will probably move to a "five over time as more apps are released.
I have been waiting a long time for this kind of thing. Until now I was just using a long HDMI cable to connect my computer to the tv in order to "cast" my desktop, tabs, or other things up there. This does that and more because it works with my iPhone, Kindle Fire, and Windows 7 computer.You should know that it does not work with my old Macbook Pro (it's a 2008) so I recommend checking the system requirements if you are not sure: [...]When I use it with the MacBook Pro, it works with things like YouTube and Netflix which are Chromecast compatible but when using it with a Chrome tab, it doesn't send any sound. (This is the same thing that happens when using an HDMI cable from the MacBook so I think it is something inherent in that generation of MacBooks and how sound output works.) The sound still comes out of the computer so a work around would be to use a wire from the headphone jack on the computer and connect it to the tv to get the sound to come out there.It works perfectly with my Windows 7 and with newer MacBooks and it is incredibly convenient to use. Also, not having to change anything to go from connecting my iPhone, Kindle Fire, tablet, computer... is really convenient, no wire to trip over.Also, I wondered about a power source before buying t so I'll let you know... it comes with a USB to mini-USB power cord and includes a plug for outlets as well. I have mine plugged into a power enabled USB port on my tv for convenience but if you don't have one available, you can put it into a wall socket.Set up was also really easy, just connecting it to Wifi using the computer, then it was all good to go. No changes or settings were needed for the tablets and phones to be able to connect because it all happens over the local Wifi network.Great stuff here and I'm looking forward to the growing number of applications that support it natively. For now, being able to send a Chrome tab to the tv, or cast netflix from my phone (instead of logging in with a video game system) is really convenient.
As a true consumer reviewer I always like to start my reviews with this caveat, I review based on what the manufacturer says the product can do.  I then compare that to what users feel the product should do and provide a Pro's which explains areas that the product goes above and beyond with their functionalities and Con's where I (my personal feeling) recommend areas I believe the product should improve in.  Star's are taken away from the product when it fails to deliver what the manufacturer said the product could do.The Chromecast viewer is a great viewer display technology.  It definitely makes TV watching easy, economical and practical.  Big different that consumers should be aware of, this is not a Roku or an Apple TV competitor.  Their are no channels with this system.  The system is probably the most advanced viewer in the industry right now.  The system literally works as a displayer where you can display videos and items from your mobile device assuming that the application is Chromecast compatible.  This part really takes away from the product since not all apps (and for good reason) are Chromecast compatible.  That being said you can also view all computer related items on Windows or Mac.  As the product specifies it requires chrome to do so.  So the compatibility is really around any system that can load chrome.  You can not use window media player per say to view movies or any third party application.  IT MUST have a chrome plugin that uses chrome to view.  For my purpose, HBOGO, Youtube, Facebook, Netflix, Hulu, Showtime, and online viewing it works amazing.  Same applies for the phone, i only have apps that are compatible with Chromecast so no issues there.  But i am sure in this community of users that have different needs that maybe an impact somewhere down the line, but for 35 bucks amazing product.Pros:-  Easy to setup.  Not difficult at all but it does require a degree of understanding of your TV an knowing your wifi password.-  Delay is pretty amazing, from computer to Chromecast only about a 1 second delay.  Beats the pants off of Netgear's products and Windows 8 screen display technology-  Audio quality is great, its an HDMI adapter so make sure you have HDMI on your TV-  The software needed to run is simple to use.  One click of a button and its up and running.-  Small and non intrusive.Cons:-  Google needs to add better user instructions on setup.  I know they have a guide but it would be nice on screen-  A win 32 agent or a .dmg app would be nice.  I understand its more to maintain but for this type of technology it would be nice to be able to see local machine videos and movies.  Case and point workout dVD's would be great to prodcast through Chromecast
Chromecast is a great concept, but installation may be impossible if your TV, Android operating system, or modem/wifi router is incompatible with Chromecast.  This info may be difficult to find out in advance.TV: An HDMI port is required, and a USB port is helpful (a cord and adapter plug are provided in case your TV lacks a USB port and you have to plug Chromecast into a wall outlet).Tablet:  If you use an Android, I believe a 2.3 or later operating system is required.Wifi:  Some modem/wifi routers are not compatible.  You may be able to find this info on the Chromecast setup website.  At least it lists work-arounds for some incompatible routers.I connected the Chromecast to my TV (Sony Bravia) HDMI port and used the separate power plug, no problem. The Chromecast set-up screen came on as soon as I switched the TV input to the corresponding HDMI port.I connected my Android tablet to the Chromecast wifi network (go to settings, then manage wifi, then select the Chromecast option).The TV screen instructs you to go to google.com/chromecast/setup to download the free Chromecast app.  It would not download for me. An additional problem is that the Chromecast website is designed for a large screen laptop not a 7 inch tablet, so much of it is illegible even with maximum enlargement.I went to my desktop and downloaded the free Google Chrome browser so that I could read the instructions in parallel.It was on the Chromecast setup site that I learned that some Qwest (Actiontec) and other wifi routers are not compatible.Chromecast told me to call Actiontec.  Actiontec said this is a common problem and told me to call Chromecast.  An impasse.After more than an hour of back and forth, I decided that wasting further time for a $35 dongle made no sense.PROS:--I got a good aerobic workout running up and down stairs between my TV/Android and my desktop.--Amazon makes returns quick and easy.  This is the first item I have ever had to return an Amazon item.  Just follow their instructions and drop off the item at your nearest UPS store (Amazon has a UPS locator).CONS:--A waste of time.
Definitely worth the $35 impulse buy price especially if you don't mind waiting the couple/few extra days in delivery when you select super saver shipping for free.This was able to resolve the issue I was having watching Netflix in High Def on my HDTV in the living room via the Sony Bluray player I have that can also play Netflix streaming.  But as of some months ago, late at night and on weekends too, I would notice it would not stream in high def and the image looked like garbage on my TV.  If I started to watch a movie early enough I could get it to load in high def but if I did it at just the right time and it got later, then the little bandwidth meter would start to go down and then the movie would constantly buffer.  If I stopped the movie and reloaded it, it would start up again in really low def mode.  Needless to say this was unacceptable.  To make a long story short, research proved that it was not an issue with my cable Internet or the signal strength of my WiFi.  This is "by design" of the Sony Neflix based players, they go through some kind of Sony servers that apparently as of late get congested during prime time (at night) and on weekends.This device connects directly to Netflix like a Wii or your computer or smart phone and works great, even supports 5.1 audio on select titles which the builtin app on my Sony Bluray player could not do in Netflix.I also tested out watching an older (circa 2002) movie from Google Movies on it and it looked considerably good considering its age and probably not having been filmed for high def.Also Youtube, while some videos will obviously look like they were filmed by someone's phone camera (probably were), I did find some videos that were obviously filmed with high quality HD equipment and I've never seen Youtube look so good at 1080p!The controls are much easier to use than my Bluray players especially for searching for a specific movie.  Now I no longer need to get on the computer first to find something to watch and add it to my queue just to make selecting it on the player on the TV easier.  Just navigate to it quickly sitting on the couch with my phone, select the Chromecast to watch and hit play!I have yet to try other things like Pandora/Google Music mostly because my current stereo does no support HDMI and it would break my heart to hear my music through the pathetic speakers of my TV.  But if it's anything like the Pandora app on my Bluray player shouldn't be half bad.Only thing I wish it had was an Amazon Instant Video app, maybe that's in the works.Overall very happy with it and enjoy using it at least 3 or more nights out of the week time permitting.
This works seamlessly with my android tablet, smart phone and laptop to stream Netflix to my TV.Any of these devices works as a remote to choose the video, start, pause and stop. There are no controls on the Chromecast itself, so your phone, tablet or laptop is needed. All you need to do is plug the Chromecast into an hdmi outlet in your tv and the included usb from the Chromecast into the usb outlet on your tv to power it. Then, you download the app, enter the password for your wifi/modem and you're good to go. The Chromecast gets the signal directly from your wifi/modem, so if your tablet or phone is slow, that doesn't affect the tv signal.With Netflix, from the laptop, you can sign in as any one of five users with programming/homescreen unique to that user. On android, Netflix only allows you to watch videos as the primary user. For example, my daughter is the primary user on our Netflix account. Her 4 year old daughter watches a lot of children's content on her Mom's android. When I use my android phone or tablet to watch Netflix, I need to search or sort through all the children's shows displayed on the main screen that are there because Netflix has determined that the user likes those best. If I go in as "myself" on the laptop, the shows displayed there are shows that I'd most likely be interested in, based on my previously watched shows.When used with your laptop, you can show anything on your tv screen that you can pull up through Google Chrome browser (anything on the internet). I haven't played with that so much. I use it for streaming Netflix. I've also seen that I can stream YouTube videos. There are one or two more services listed that Chromecast streams. Using Chrome browser, there are more movie channels you can stream as well. I've never used Roku, etc., so can't compare.For $35, it works seamlessly. You can't go wrong.
It's been a very popular aspect of our semi-weekly board game night. Sometimes between turns someone will play a video from Youtube just for fun, and it makes for a pretty good addition for the night. Otherwise, my wife and I like to use it to watch content from Netflix as well. It works very well as advertised, so long as you understand that going outside of what's advertised isn't guaranteed to work as well as you might like.The device itself does not have any sort of permanent memory for apps, instead it loads them on demand, usually taking about 3 to 5 seconds to load the Netflix or Youtube apps. It can cause some hiccups and glitches if you try to load a video while it's downloading the app, but otherwise works very smoothly if you allow it those few seconds at first. The device itself streams content directly from those sites, so you can queue up content from low end devices without any playback problems.The desktop casting does leave much to be desired, and I haven't been able to get the audio to work; though, it's not an advertised feature and is clearly marked as experimental. The Tab-Casting on the other hand works great, given you have a good enough computer to handle streaming content smoothly (we have a computer that we built for about $1,000 last year, works great on that. Our other computer would probably be worth about $350 today, and it stutters with video and audio gets out of sync). The Tab-Casting feature allows you to play anything you can open in your browser on your television, at least, we haven't run into anything that causes problems thus far. If you have the proper plugins, this will allow you to play video content from your computer and stream it to your television, or any number of creative ideas you might have.The Youtube app works well from all of the devices our friends have: Android phones, iPad, Laptops/Desktops (Linux and Windows). We haven't tried it from anything else, but I imagine they work just as well. You can queue videos from several devices and the Chromecast will play them in the order they were requested in. This means that you and your friends can add videos to a playlist as someone else's video is playing. One thing to keep in mind, once Youtube on your device syncs up with the Chromecast, it will display controls for the current video on your device, sometimes causing people to accidentally queue the current video up again or restart it from the beginning. It's mostly corrected if you give it a few seconds to get situated and make sure you're actually doing what you think you're doing.The Netflix app is similar to the Youtube app, though it does not have a queue. It does have a few more issues, though I believe those are mostly related to the fact that the Netflix app for phones is a resource hog, it works great once you can actually send the video request to the Chromecast device. So it's not really an issue with the Chromecast itself, but with the Netflix app on your phone. There is only a slight latency (less than 1 second unless you're having network issues) with the controls for a playing video, though it can be irritating to try to get the controls to come back up if you close out of the netflix app, once again, an issue with the Netflix app on your phone.I don't buy music or videos from the Google Play store, so I haven't tested that out. I imagine it works well.As far as I know, anyone can make an app for the device to play content. However, I would warn people from making a purchase based on future promises from other content providers. Until they actually have an app, you should consider it to be nothing more than a possibility. The Tab-Casting can make up for an app not being available, but having a Chromecast app is superior.Overall, I've been very happy with the device. It works very well as advertised, and the price is appropriate for what it is.
This is coming from the view of a mac user, so it will be different for pc users.So i picked this up to take with me when i travel so i can push media to what ever tv i am using and for this it works great. Its very portable but i own a newer tv (about a year old) and it met the requirement for being able to power the chromecast without using the usb but i lucked out and it still needs the usb power supply, no big deal. This is a great buy for $35 and i've read many reviews that compared it to an apple tv (which i also own) but after using it for a few days i can't see how this is comparable. People compare "casting" to "airplay" and the two aren't the same.  When you "cast" something it only displays whats in the tab and when you go full screen (for a video thats not netflix or youtube) it can't do anything else since the full screen, well... fills the screen and it only mirrors at 720. For "airplay" when you want to display something you just extend the screen drag it over and when you go full screen it still allows you to use your mac and it will be in the same resolution as your tv (assuming your not using a 4k tv). Also airplay makes the phone into a controller for certain iphone games. So to compare the two seems silly to me. Also the apple tv has the apps built in and has a better interface than any phone. Yet for the price i love the chromecast, its cheap, simple and very portable but its definitely not going to replace my apple tv.I gave it 3 stars since i can't go full screen without losing the ability to do anything else on my mac and since it only mirrors at 720 but again i only bought it to use for traveling and maybe on the bedroom tv. Google is a great company so i'm sure that these issues will go away with time and when they do i will change my review but as of now it is what it is.
I really like the Chromecast. Yes, it's currently still in beta stage, but I truly do think it has some great potential. We just have internet at our house and a Roku 3. The Chromecast will add to what we have. I have had no issues whatsoever using it both with my Android phone and a Windows 8 PC. You can now watch all those YouTube videos that could only be viewed online. Even though it's compatible with the huluPLUS app, you can now watch all those movies that are only available for online viewing right on your TV. Had no problems with Netflix but we will use the Roku for that. Soundcloud sounds wonderful on the TV. And for $35, it's a bargain. Don't be disappointed that only a few apps are compatible right now, that will change. Plus, casting from a PC adds a ton of stuff you can now watch on your TV. At the moment, the only Chromebook it is compatible with is the Pixel. Hopefully, more Chromebooks will be added. Overall, I am extremely happy with Chromecast and can't wait for more sites and apps to "sync up" with it. I strongly encourage you to contact all the developers of your favorite sites and apps and encourage them to make their product usable with Chromecast.Update: I swear this just happened: immediately after posting this review, I just happened to notice my Acer Chromebook has the casting extension now. This must have just happened very recently. Well, that makes me extremely happy and even a bigger fan of the Chromecast.2nd update: One great feature of my Acer Chromebook is that it updates itself. The Chromecast extension was automatically added. After playing with it for awhile, I have noticed that when viewing casting a video from the browser, the video is very laggy and unwatchable. Hopefully this is something Google will fix. YouTube and Netflix work great but you need to use the casting feature within the video player itself. When I did this, I had no issues other than I couldn't pause or stop the video  playing on Netflix...I had to just stop casting entirely. I did cast from within the browser while on Soundcloud and Google Music. Not really any issues there. The only glitches I experienced was when I opened another browser window just to view while casting. Soundcloud did stop but started right up again when I recasted it. Overall, I'm still happy with the Chromecast and can work around its limitations on my Chromebook.
I was curious about this ever since it first hit the market. We got rid of all those ridiculously priced cable channels and went with the basic network stuff and high speed internet. Then, signed up with Hulu Plus, Netflix and Amazon Prime. We've been using our Xbox's to run those apps which requires lots of wires, and, of course, two Xbox's at a cost of $250 apiece plus an Xbox Live account. A $35 'dongle', needless to say, was intriguing.It arrived today. Installation was a snap (plug it into the HDMI port and the power to our power strip, done!). Then surfed to the installation/setup page at google.com/chromecast/setup which walked us through the connection between the 'dongle' and our network. Hint: Be sure to have your network info handy when doing the setup! (username/password, etc.).We had one snag.. the UPnP was not turned on in our router. That is the Universal Plug 'n Play that is required in order for the setup to 'detect' your device. Luckily I have just enough knowledge in how to log into the router. So I did so, turned on the UPnP service, restarted the router (to initialize that feature) and re-ran the setup. Bingo! Found it no problem, finished the setup and wound up at the quick tutorial video that shows how easy this really is to operate.I installed in on:My desktop PC (must have Chrome browser, which I use as my default anyway)My Android phone (playstore app is required, but simple to get from the playstore)My Android tablet (Nexus 7)My wife's Android phone (Samsung Galaxy S3)My wife's laptopFor the phones, you need to download the Chromecast app AND, of course, the apps for Hulu Plus, Netflix and YouTube (which should be on your Android phone anyway)For the PC's and laptops, you only need to install the Chrome Extension for Chromecast (takes about 1 minute).Now, in the upper right hand toolbar area of your Chrome browser, there's an icon you click and it asks where you wish to broadcast that tab's content to... the screen/tab you are viewing on OR switch to Chromecast. Immediately upon switching to Chromecast your TV will display that page on your screen. Awesome! Now we watch online shows like Survivor on the TV instead of the small laptop screen!For Hulu and Netflix, if on your PC/Laptop just surf to those sites in Chrome, hit the icon and it will broadcast whatever you're watching on to the TV.From your smartphone and tablet, open the apps for any of these (or, use the Chrome browser) and you will notice that same icon at the top of each app's home screen. Tap it to select where you want to view what you're watching. Voila! It sends it right to the TV.This was simple, convenient, ridiculously unintrusive as opposed to having to require the Xbox or Roku or any other device to do the same thing.But! Don't expect 1000's of apps supported... yet! But, if you can't watch it on Hulu Plus, Netflix, YouTube or somewhere on the WWW via your Chrome browser, then I don't know what to say. Except, then, this isn't for you.Everything we've watched has been sharp and clear. No hesitations in delivery and the device you're broadcasting from becomes the remote control for what you're watching.I can easily see having multiple Chromecasts. Especially at this price! We're not even remotely disappointed and, in fact, the product exceeded our expectations. Buy it!
I was skeptical when I first heard about the Google Chromecast. But I pay $35 for just one movie date with my wife, so why not roll the dice. It is worth the price if we get two movies we missed in the theater. First advantage is access to Netflix original content. House of Cards was worth the cost of the device alone. Second advantage, I can Chromcast most streaming video from my computer. So if I miss an episode of The Good Wife because the football game ran late on Sunday, I can pull up the CBS website and run it. without crowding around the computer. Third advantage is the ability to control the Chromecast with my iPhone or iPad.Okay, the reason I did not give it 5 stars is because there is content I can not stream. For example, a lot of my alma mater's basketball games are available on ESPN3. It won't stream this content. But, really, my wife would rather I stay in my home office to watch the game and let her watch Revenge off the DVR. This is not a big deal, but it belies the only problem with the Chromecast. Although I love the content presently available, it is very limited: Netflix and YouTube. I would like access to Turner Classic Movies library. Maybe that will come sometime down the line.(UPDATE)I took the Chromecast with me on a weekend out of town with my wife. The hotel had a bland selection of channels and none seemed to come in HD. Plugged in the Chromecast and used my wife's Verizon Mifi and was able to access Netflix in the hotel room. When I returned home I had some difficulty returning the Chromecast to identifying my home wifi network, but after a few missteps it was back. I'm thinking of buying a second Chromecast to pair with my wife's Mifi for road trips. At $35 it is cheaper to have two than one AppleTV.
The packaging is slick, and the on-screen setup instructions are very conversational and friendly; Except when the device is unable to connect to your own wireless network. In this day and age, it's assumed that one should go online (to Google) and search out the reason for any problem. But still, it would have been nice if this little gizmo had given me some little hint, code number, anything to help me narrow down the cause.Turns out, my Verizon router needed a reclusive setting changed (I'm not a home office router, I'm a broadband router!) - a fix which was NOT suggested on Google's list for my device - but rather buried in a discussion group on an entirely different site.So now this little fob is working, and streamed a $9 Disney SD animated movie crisply and clearly, with no lag at all.I'd love to report on other media, but I'm not a fan of Netflix since their debacle of a few years back, and Google has not made nice with Amazon yet (where most of my paid content sits). I've been shopping their "Movies & TV" app, but am not yet satisfied with the selection or prices (only one season of Futurama? Seriously?). That leaves Hulu.I pray that Google has plans to join up with some more vendors soon (like Amazon) - and not just copy the Microsoft model of gently forcing us to use their own services whenever possible on their own hardware.The ability for my wife to "cast" her Chrome browser page onto the TV - so I can watch the same Facebook clip as her - is pretty sweet. I can cast YouTube video from my phone too. This thing has potential - and even current reward for the geek in some of us - and is a worthwhile gizmo if your TV does not have any media apps built-in.EDIT: Months later and there's no App to play Amazon Instant Videos on Chromecast. Rumor now is that it's Amazon's call, and they won't do it - citing some red herring about which media player to encode for (Buy a Kindle!).So in retrospect, it seems disingenuous for Amazon to sell something that won't Play with Amazon. So Google's product suffers as a result, and it's probably too late to return it. Not too late to start buying my videos elsewhere though!
I originally bought the Chromecast with the idea that I could stream Hulu Plus to my TV while I used my PC for gaming.First, I was annoyed because I had to break out a wireless laptop to do the setup on the Chromecast. While I have a wireless network for it, I assumed that my PC even though it is not wireless is connected to the wireless router via wired ethernet. However, after getting the Chromecast setup with the laptop I was able to stream to it from the wired PC just fine. I guess that's the only way it can set itself up (it creates an ad-hoc network using your wireless adapter).So I started streaming stuff from my PC to the TV and it didn't look the greatest but it was watchable. However, when I loaded up a game on my PC and the PC started to chug a bit, the Chromecast would get the audio and video out of sync. The only way to fix the delay is to stop casting the tab and then recast it and then alt-tab back into the game. But over time it would get out of sync some more.I was a bit frustrated with it but I lived with it like that for a while. Then on a whim I installed the Hulu Plus application to my Android phone and used the Chromecast from there. Night and day difference. The Chromecast works SO much better from my phone. Not only is the picture perfect, but there are no sound/sync issues. I think the difference is the Hulu Plus app on the Android phone is merely instructing the Chromecast what to do, not trying to scrape the video frame by frame and move it over wireless. It also doesn't seem to drain the phone battery, so I don't think the phone is working very hard to enable this functionality.Anyway, with the Android App it makes this device so much cooler. I actually ordered a second Chromecast for my other TV. But from the PC I was very disappointed, maybe it'll get better in the future. I would give it 5 stars, but casting any tab from the PC to the TV doesn't look the greatest, even if its a static image. But it does what I want to do and that's let me easily access Hulu on my TV for $35. Great little device.
I bought this device originally to complement my Apple TV but it has all but replaced it now. I used to have an iPhone and iPad but have since moved onto an Android phone and Nexus 7 tablet. When I was part of the Apple ecosystem, everything worked great with Apple TV with it's Airplay and streaming music from devices or PC, it was great.Now that I'm using Android based devices, I wanted to give the Chromecast device a shot for 2 very specific reasons:* I watch a lot of You Tube and Netflix. Apple TVs interface for You Tube and Netflix (or the one built it into my Bluray player for that matter) isn't exactly the smoothest to use. Searching, typing, navigating around can be cumbersome and klunky. Now I'm able to queue up things, navigate, search both You Tube and Netflix with ease on my Nexus. The best part is once I queue up something to play, I can continue using my tablet without disturbing the playback or draining my battery. I can search for that next set of You Tube clips I want to play and add them to the queue.*I stream most of my TV from my laptop since I cut the cord. I have had very little issues streaming content from a website to my TV through the Chrome browser. Now I don't have to have an HDMI cable hooked up and I have my Chromecast connected to my receiver so I get everything over my home stereo system. Occasionally there are some hiccups like it stops playing or rubberbands but by and large it works very well for not needing any wiring.Those two points alone and the ease at which I can do them are worth the $35 to me. I still use my Apple TV but primarily it's used for streaming my music from my PC, catching up on NBA, NHL or MLB highlights with their respective apps for free or checking out the Apple Trailer app to watch movie trailers. That's probably about 10-15% of the streaming I do though and the bulk is now handled by the little Chromecast.I'm docking it a star because of it's lack of ability to have the option to do true mirroring like Apple does & the inability to send local content easily to the Chromecast. If it was able to do that, this would be a phenomenal device but I understand that Google is more or less in the hosting/cloud content business.I love it and recommend it but know what purpose you want to use it for. It's serving my purposes quite nicely. If you have the majority of music being housed in iTunes like myself, having the Apple TV just to stream to a home stereo system is justification enough to have one the Apple TVs too. They complement each other pretty well in my setup and uses.
The Chromecast is a great dongle with a lot of potential behind it. I got it for my mother to use in her VIZIO E320i-A0 32-inch 720p 60Hz LED Smart HDTV because it would not hang onto a WiFi connection. I also dug out an old Samsung Galaxy S for her to use with it.Setup is extremely easy. You plug it into an HDMI port of your TV, and plug the USB cable into a USB port (Most modern TVs have a USB port that can supply power). Then you give it the password to your WiFi and download the app for your phone (or Chrome extension for you computer) and let it do the work for you.When it's setup it's also pretty easy to use. Compatible apps on your phone like Netflix and YouTube will have a button at the top to tell it to send the information to the Chromecast and you just let it do it's thing again. One of the best parts is that since the Chromecast gets the info from the cloud, it is able to keep a steady connection and you can just set your phone aside and not worry about it (until you want to pause or rewind, of course) and it won't use any extra battery at all from your device.My one major gripe with the Chromecast is that it has SO MUCH potential behind it, but Google is limiting it (maybe to keep streaming partners happy). You can only stream Netflix, YouTube, Hulu Plus, Google Play Movies, and you can stream what you seen in your Chrome Browser on your computer over your home network to the Chromecast, but it did not work well at all for me, though I do have a lot of walls in my house that could mess with my connection (the picture is really bad quality and I probably got about 10 FPS on it). Developer have found ways to stream pretty much anything to the Chromecast from your device, but Google has been quick to patch them (automatic updates in the background). Also, Google has said they are working on an HBO GO app which is great news.Also, you may notice this thing get pretty hot after use, but don't worry because pretty much the entire inside of it is made up of two aluminum heatsinks that are designed to pull heat away from the components inside so the outside gets very hot, but that means it's working!TL;DR: This is an AWESOME product for this price. It is easy to setup and use, but it is doesn't quite live up to the potential it has by having a fairly limited amount of streaming apps, and squashing outside developers workarounds to get other things streaming on it. But I very highly recommend this device to someone wanting a good, cheap way to get some streaming onto your TV, especially if it's not a smart TV.
I bought this in anticipation that I could stream from my Chrome browser on my laptop. I'm not real techie so maybe my processor just isn't up to speed? (AMD Phenom II N-660 Dual Core Processor) All I know is that streaming from my laptop is NOT what's going on... so that's sad. The video has no audio and is very choppy. From what I could read, it's because my system sucks. (Remember, non-techie only spoken here.)I will say that I do love the streaming capabilities of the Netflix, Hulu Plus, and YouTube apps from my Nexus 7 and my android powered smartphone. It makes watching shows and videos a snap! I have a Panasonic blu-ray player that hates Hulu and takes several minutes just to load the initial start up screen for Netflix. Streaming from either of these apps to my Chromecast is super easy. Open the app, change the casting device to my chromecast at the top of each app, and pick a movie. Viola! It starts up right away! This does not happen on my blu-ray device.Youtube is also easy and fast on the Chromecast. The app lets you browse through videos and then set up shows in a TV queue to play only on the Chromecast. I wish it would save the TV queue but that's okay. Not a deal breaker for me as it is 100x faster than loading my Youtube through the blu-ray player.Set up for the Chromecast was very easy. I think you need to be sure to read the directions carefully and only do one step at a time. I had no problems at all. I do sometimes have issues where it does not recognize my device I am streaming from and I have to close the app and restart it. That is possibly more of an application issue rather than the Chromecast itself.Overall, for $35, I am happy with it, especially now that Hulu Plus works on it. I will love it even more if it could eventually integrate either Amazon Instant or VUDU. I haven't done a Google Play set up yet. I already have wishlists on VUDU and Amazon and am not keen to start a third list just yet for this. I would be over the moon happy if I can ever get my Chrome browser to stream shows from my browser onto my TV smoothly as that was the main reason I really wanted it.
I read about this, and waited for it to be out for a couple of months to see what others were saying about it.  Finally, after it had been out for a couple of months, and I read many reviews, I decided to buy one.  For $35, I felt it would be a decent gamble if it worked, and little lost if it didn't.It arrived when I expected it to, and setup took only about five minutes, with much of the time required to get the device out of the box and physically connect it to my television, and power it up.  As a Netflix subscriber, I wanted a means to watch videos on my television in the bedroom, and this worked great.  It takes only seconds to switch the video from my iphone to the chromcast, and the controls remain on my iphone.  We have also used a tablet running android to play vidoes through this, and that works well also.  Basically, if you can turn on a computer and connect it to a wireless network, you can handle this device.  We have watched many movies with this, and some television shows off of Netflix, and we have had no issues with connectivity with the device during playback.  I have a wireless N router, and highspeed cable broadband (10 - 20 MBS).  Once you start the streaming to the device, you can turn off your device, as the streaming will continue straight from the wifi to the Chromecast Player.I am only giving this four stars, as I feel it should do more, as, right now it is limited to Netflix, Google Play, and a few others that I don't use.  I hope to see the apps to increase in the future, however, this is cheaper than a Roku device, and accomplishes what it says it will do.I expect significant improvements on this device over the next few months, possibly a next generation out within six months.  But, for less than the price of movie tickets for a family of four, and if you need a means of streaming videos to your television set, this is a great device.  And you don't need to be a computer scientist, or build rockets for NASA to set it up.  A television with an HDMI connection, a wireless router that you can connect it to, and a computer, smartphone, or other device to control the device with.
As a self-professed gadget hound, I had to at least give Chromecast a chance to prove it wasn't worth my investment of time and money.  After 3 hours of plugging away, I have yet to experience a strike (almost as bad as my fishing luck but how far is this silly "casting" metaphor for the sake of alliteration worth taking)? I was more than a little impressed by my $60 ROKU box (a gadget that's so effective I gave two to my grandkids and an extra to my wife, who occasionally uses it at her desk).Next up was the Apple T'V box, which admittedly has seen far less use.  Part of the problem is the tiny aluminum remote control, which has proven virtually impossible to keep track of for more than 3-4 days at a time (a replacement is $20--or you can download the free (but unsatisfying) one from the App Store).  Equally problematic with Apple TV is that I really don't get any extra pleasure from "streaming" videos, photographs, and audio files from my computer to my 40" Sony--esp. when no one else appreciates the novelty.  And unlike ROKU, Apple TV doesn't offer videos from Amazon, many of which come with no extra charge to Amazon Prime members.  True, iTunes has become the store with everything for every body, but frankly I found it more useful as a "dedicated" music service.  Of late iTunes has become cluttered in appearance and sluggish (even stubborn) in operation due to its many offerings (tunes, apps, books, magazines, movies and now extending to major computer programs and operating systems along with its iCloud and social services.  I had until recently always thought of Apple as a cutting-edge innovator, trend-setter, and "leader"--sort of the "Miles Davis of consumer electronics." It seems almost sad these days to see this former giant-slayer looking to sites like Facebook and even Pandora for guidance.  Beginning perhaps with "Genius" and continuing, most recently, with the iTunes "radio station" Apple has stooped to the "gonzo" revenue-producing tactics used by dozens of mediocre companies to hijack personal information from anyone who surfs the internet or uses a computer--the better to serve "individual" choices (i.e. by selling more media products that match up the user's "profile"--i.e. the personal "tastes" of the consumer).I should have known, especially since Apple TV saw so little use, that the investment in Chromecast would be problematic. After two hours I managed to set up, through my wi-fi, my very own "casting" channel (using an iPod Touch) and am now staring at at the words, in large font on a 40" Sony screen, "ready to cast."  Looking at my iPod screen, I see two options--YouTube and Netflix--but clicking on either produces no change to my television picture.  I've even pulled out my 2011 Mac Air, which can offer me Chrome as an alternative to Safari (along with dozens of questions asking me for a simple check in response for Google's request for personal material on my computer--information that I'm loathe to disclose, since all I stand to receive in return is the ability to cast/throw/mirror/extract/download a few Youtube or Netflix images viewable on my TV.  And now I see notes from Google warning of a "small caveat" that Chromecast is optimized for the 2012 or newer Mac Air (when "Chromecasting" with a 2011 Mac Air, I was "skunked).In conclusion, this is a potentially nifty little gadget (not much bigger than a thumb drive) for the right person with the right browser and the right equipment. But besides problems with getting Chromecast to cast a youtube video (I finally got it to perform as advertised with an iPod Touch 5g), I was unprepared for the extra clutter of a USB powered cable (which, unlike my Roku or Apple TV, isn't long enough to reach from the closest AC outlet to the required HDMI port. (You could spend $15 for an AC outlet that adheres to the back of a TV set (InstaOutlet Google Chromecast Streaming Media Installation kit.  But now you're within $10 of an infinitely more useful ROKU box).  I've read a couple of reviewers who rationalize that the ChromeCast is a great little "back-up" for use on the road. I already have 2-3 back-ups, and my road warrior days are behind me. The way I see it, one less Chromecast will save me enough to pay for almost 4 days of my cable package.
Great product but there are a couple of set backs that bother me:1. Many routers need to be configured in order to work with the Chromecast. Once you do the settings properly it all works flawless but until then you're stuck with no connection. That could be quite problematic for me as I often use it in places where I don't have direct access to change the router settings.2. A bit older versions of Android are not supported. For example, Samsung Galaxy S3 fully upgraded to the latest available version cannot cast its screen to the Chromecast and that's not that old of a phone. Yes, it could be reinstalled and updated to the newest Android version but still that's something that should have been considered and supported, at least according to me.Don't get me wrong, overall it's a get product doing a great job but in my case it could be quite troublesome sometimes.EDIT: After struggling for awhile to find ways to make it work on public WiFi networks, it turned out that there is no way to do that and I even read a post from their customer service confirming that. If you can't access the router to switch off the AP limitations, you are stuck. I changed direction and tried to make it work through a hotspot using my phone as a network and trying to stream from my laptop onto a TV screen. That also turned out to be impossible with the devices that I had.At the end, it turns out that you need either an additional piece of hardware (additional router to carry with you and setup) or additional apps to use as portable WiFi to connect to. Both of these options require additional equipment and/or cost and that for a product that's supposed to work out of the box. It would have been my favorite widget if that was really the case but alas.
It is great to be able to use any Chrome browser (Desktop browser and some tablets) to simply click chromecast icon and display on a big screen wirelessly. Also with newer releases of Chrome, one can leave video running on TV/Monitor while opening a new browser on the desktop. This process is using computer processor and wireless LAN.Audio and Video can be displayed although video quality is not HD unless you stream from Google services directly, Google has added some additional apps for direct streaming such as Netflix but the apps support is very limited. If Google were to allow apps such as Plex to stream directly this could seriously improve video quality. Google app selection needs to be increased significantly to make this device useful. If you only want to stream from Netflix and Hulu, you may OK with this very cheap device.But limitations of applications supported to display directly severely limits its usefulness.*** Outside the streaming capability of the device one other point you must be aware of is that the Chromecast device NEEDs to have a UPnP enabled router. If your home router does not support UPnP it will NOT WORK. Some cable companies provide the home router and lock admin of the router with UPnP turned off. *** Check with your provider before buying. ****Roku is a great alternative with multiple versions of the RoKu starting at nearly the same price as Chomecast. However Roku provide  much great app support (I mean a LOT more). Although Roku does not display your web browser window, with the flexibility of apps available I not sure how much I need a web browser over hundreds of video streaming services that Roku does support. If you need to display your Chrome web window use Chromecast, if not, I would recommend Roku. If Google could improve Chromecast Web sharing video quality and add more apps supported for direct streaming it may be a great product, but it is not there yet though.Apple TV is another alternative and is available globally, but like Chromecast it restricts the apps you can show to ones Apple approve and even worse, lock the Apple Apps on the screen, with no way to remove them. Apple needs to be connected by LAN cable not wirelessly and as such the video quality is potentially better than Google, but less flexible. Apple does deliver a nice click to play from iPhone/iPad but little other options if your content is not always held in Apple. So kind of forcing content to Apple makes them just as bad as Chromecast but but limitations in different ways.Overall, I recommend RoKu. Good start Google, but keep working on it.
I bought this so that I'd be able to watch Netflix on the living room television. Currently I use a Roku 2 XS in the bedroom and I found myself wanting to purchase another for the living room. Rather than coughing up another ~$60 - $80 for a 3rd generation Roku, I elected to try out the Chromecast - at $35, I thought surely I couldn't go wrong.It's easy enough to set up, no complaints there. The problem is that it's a pain in the ass to use. To use it with your computer, you actually have to go to Netflix, sign in, choose whatever you want to view, play it, then switch it over to the Chromecast. Episode ended? You have to get back on your computer (or phone), go back to the episode page, choose the next episode, click play, and change the stream over to Netflix AGAIN. Every time. I had no idea it was going to be so cumbersome to use.To use it on your phone, you have to first download the Chromecast app and pair the device. Then you have to download the Netflix app (if not already installed), and set it up for your Netflix account. Luckily, it is much less cumbersome in the app: you simply switch the video to the Chromecast in the Netflix app, browse until you find something to watch, and hit play. Episode done? Browse to the next one. If it weren't for the app, this thing would be sent back immediately."But you can do more than just watch Netflix on it!"No, not really. At least, not right now. You can cast youtube videos if you want, I guess. I watched a few and realized that it's a huge pain in the ass. It's much faster to just watch youtube in your browser; you have to wait for the Chromecast to access the video with its built in app and then load said video. You then have to wait a bit before the video buffers to better quality so it doesn't look horrendous. Also on that note, most of the videos are pretty terrible quality, which is only exacerbated by my 52" living room tv. Suffice it to say, I don't project using the youtube functionality ever again."But you can stream music to it!"That is a factual statement, yes. Why would you stream music over a television, though? Stereo, headphones, and computer speakers all exist..."Well, you can also cast Chrome browser tabs to it."If I was in a business environment and giving presentations, sure. But I'm sitting at home on my couch. Plus, I've been having some speed issues with Chrome lately and for some reason it continues to freeze in Blackboard connect when checking answers in online homework...resulting in any entered data being lost. But back on topic, any non-youtube video is going to be jumpy. I routinely watch NHL games in NHL Gamecenter Live on my laptop in full HD. Trying to stream these to the tv results in very jumpy video with no audio transferred. I wish there was an NHL Gamecenter app that worked like the youtube plugin, I'd get a ton more use out of this device.As it stands, I'm giving it 3 out of 5 stars because, well, it's just okay. I'm still deciding whether or not I want to return it and just spend the $15 more to get a basic Roku that will play netflix and stream gamecenter games.Update (11/7/2013): I've decided to keep it, and I'm adding a star. The Pandora app was just released (although I don't use it) and hopefully the sdk will be out soon so that more can come. What this device does, it does very well. There have been a few instances where I've played youtube tutorial videos on my television so I could do something on my laptop at the same time, so that's moderately useful. Hopefully soon full screen non-youtube videos can be broadcasted rather than having to just broadcast the whole tab with the video windowed, but that could be a flash thing.
For $35, the Google Chromecast  media device is a great bargain.  It seems to have its limitations given the form factor, but otherwise it's night and day between this device and the streaming options that come with (older)blu-ray players and smart TVs.  It helps to have a tablet to run the Chromecast app, but configuring and controlling a Chromecast device is possible with a laptop or desktop computer provided your computer has a wireless adapter.  Searching for Netflix movies and youtube videos is a breeze as you no longer have to use a TV or blu-ray player remote to navigate around.  Video and audio quality are what you'd expect when it comes to streaming and the initial setup is straightforward and simple enough that most people should be able to easily set one of these devices up.  It does have a few faults, namely setup can be clunky when not using the Chromecast APP via a tablet device or smart phone.  Apparently, it's much more difficult to connect a Chromecast device to a wireless  network that isn't broadcasting its SSID or flat out impossible.  The Chromecast player doesn't seem to be able to handle really complex scenes (video playback becomes choppy, audio sync is lost).  Examples of this are scenes from the first (or one of) Walking Dead episode for season 3 where the actors are walking between chain link fences.  This scene would grind to a crawl as my Chromecast player struggled to keep up losing audio sync and pausing momentarily every other second.  One of the last scenes from Evil Dead 2 caused the same behavior as the flashing lights, wild camera movement and props moving all over the screen were too much for this little streaming device to handle.. which is a shame since my LG blu-ray player has never had this issue, but I'm guessing it (the LG) has some dedicated decoding hardware that the Google Chromecast may lack ( I don't know what's "under the hood" of this device or my LG player).Pros:Low costSize (it's small enough to hide away behind your TV or AVR)Easy enough setup and video / movie selectionControlled via a tablet, phone, or PC/laptopDoesn't require LOS between whatever device you're using to control it and the Chromecast itself.Cons:Seems to require a tablet/smartphone for the best user experience, ease of setupWill start broadcasting out wirelessly when it loses connection with your router (has to since it has no USB/network ports and no other way to reconfigure it)Seems to lack processing power for complex/busy movie scenes resulting in dropped frames, hitching, loss of audio syncContent sources are a bit limited right now, but this can change quickly as more online streaming sites add Chromecast supportDoes not include the ability to stream in content from a local DNLA server (think FreeNAS)
The Chromecast has a couple of really brilliant aspects to it, however some things just make it (currently) unusable. The main benefit of the Chromecast is that it streams HD content fantastically from a laptop to a TV. The only caveat there is that your laptop/source must be able to smoothly play the HD content itself. I tried streaming from an Asus EeePC (1005P) however it was heavily jittery and could not stream properly. When casting from my Chromebook Pixel, however, the streaming was flawless (although at some points buffering was needed, which sort of ruins the experience..).There are a few issues which are known, such as its problems maintaining a connection to the WiFi. I have a simple setup at home - just a WiFi N router, literally 15 feet away from the TV, with direct line of sight (i.e., no walls etc). The connection consistently drops out every 10 minutes or so, even when changing the WiFi band from N (2.4 or 5 GHz) to B.The worst of the problems I had was finding a way to stream media to the device. I really would like to play my own videos/movies onto my TV from my laptop (is this not what the Chromecast is for?). Of course, if you have movies on Google Play then this works OK, however when it comes to playing your own videos you're stuck for options. The easiest way to do this is to simply open up Google Chrome browser (with the Chromecast extension installed), and press Ctrl+O to open a new file. Then simply select the video you'd like to play and it plays within the browser, allowing full-screen playback, and you can then cast this Tab onto your TV. The problem here occurs when trying to play any movies that are encoded in a manner Google Chrome doesn't support. Most files should work but it's annoying when the ones you want to play (such as .mkv's or .avi's) don't work, or only partially work with no audio.Since the product is still in it's early stages, I will wait until Google rolls out a fully fledged piece of software (or firmware upgrades) that can stream my videos from my laptop to my TV. Just not sure why Google removed support for this back in August.
I've read many of the tech geek's detailed overview of the Chromecast media player and that's all well and good but thought a shirtsleeve English version, (read--SIMPLE without the geek-speak), might serve some who are looking for a general overview.  First, the Chromecast dongle or media player does work and it doesn't take much expertise (thank GOD on MY part for that) to get it up and running.Your TV will ideally have a spare HDMI and USB port for the device to plug into.  Checking the back of your HD TV before ordering for these open ports would be a wise thing to do as some of the early HD televisions only had 2 HDMI ports and those are quickly used up on your satellite/cable boxes to plug into and your DVR player.  Then too, one of my early HD televisions had NO USB ports so be advised on that.  If you have the spare ports, and you should, it's a simple matter of plugging in the Chromecast device, then using your TV's remote (the brand name TV remote, not your Directv remote),to advance the screen to the HDMI port you plugged the device into.  In my case it was HDMI 3.The TV screen will return data right away, recognizing the device and putting a code number out.  Follow the on screen prompts, enter your in-home wifi access number which you'll do from your mobile device.  In my case it was using my Samsung Note II phone.  By the way, you will have already quickly downloaded the Chromecast software from the internet onto your phone.  The instructions in the device box will provide the address and this exercise is straightforward and without drama.  I already had Netflix software loaded on my phone so you'll need to do that if you haven't already.The TV screen will again recognize and advise that Chromecast is ready for use.  Pick a Netflix movie from your phone, play it and once it starts, hit the small box icon on top of screen to activate the Chromecast which in turn will be now grabbed by your TV showing the familiar red Netflix screen, along with a time circle and a small bar revealing the status of the movie download (5%....9%...20% etc).  Once done, on your phone, hit the start arrow and voila, the movie will play on your TV.  You can pause and re-start the movie from your phone.  The audio volume can be done with your remote..either from the TV maker or Directv remote in my case.Getting out of the movie and back to regular TV fare is a matter of again changing the HDMI port back to main viewing status, in my case that would be HDMI 1.  Sometimes you'll have to turn off the power to the TV and cable/satellite box in order for the dongle to 'let go'.  At least that's been my early experience as it keeps toggling back to HDMI 3 when I try the easy route to get back to regular TV viewing.  In essence, the dongle converts your HD television into one with SmartTV capability.  I only wanted to view Netflix movies on my TV and can't speak of what else the Chromecast can or cannot do.
I'll get to my review of the Chromecast in a minute, but first, I want to describe a Chromecast issue that I *just* experienced, and share how I resolved it:After several months of working *flawlessly*, both of the Chromecasts in my house completely stopped working. When I say "stopped working", I mean that they were displaying the photo slideshow on screen as usual, but none of the devices in my house could "find" either Chromecast on the WiFi network.  When I tried resetting both, and then configuring each from scratch, I wasn't able to complete the setup process. I was baffled, so I turned to Google's support forums.The answer? RESET YOUR WIRELESS ROUTER. (In my case, this meant unplugging it for about 30 seconds or so, and then plugging it back in.) As soon as I did that? *BOOM* Problem fixed. All of my devices now recognize both Chromecasts!I'm still not sure if the issue was the result of a Chromecast update or a router update (pushed out by my ISP), but resetting it by cutting the power for a few seconds completely fixed the issue. So, if you're having similar issues, maybe try that first.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Alright, so here's my Chromecast REVIEW, which I'll gear toward total BEGINNERS:---So what is this thing?---The Chromecast is a USB dongle - created by Google - that plugs into the back of your TV.  Its purpose is to allow audio or video content (TV shows, music, movies, YouTube videos, lectures, etc.) to be streamed via your wireless Internet connection (wifi), from the Internet, into the Chromecast. The Chromecast then displays the content via your TV and/or its speakers.---How do you control it? Does it come with a remote?---Nope. There's no remote. Basically, what you do is this: You navigate to the thing you want to watch or listen to using a device in your house (usually a device that's on the same wireless network as the Chromecast).  So, for example:* You might browse to a YouTube video using the YouTube app on your smartphone.  Then, if you want to watch that video on your TV, you tap a little icon in your YouTube app, and the phone then hands the video off to the Chromecast, which proceeds to start showing the same YouTube video on the screen. If you want to pause, fast-forward, or rewind the video as it's playing on the TV, you use controls which will appear on your smartphone.  Another example:* Let's say you normally watch a particular show on Hulu Plus or Netflix right on your laptop, but you'd rather watch it on the TV. To do this, you'd start the video on your laptop like usual, and then - when you want to watch it on your TV - you'd click a little Chromecast icon on your monitor, which will hand off the show to the Chromecast, which will then cause the show to appear on your TV. Again, if you want to pause, fast-forward, or rewind the video, while it's playing on the TV, you'd use the controls that would appear on-screen on your laptop.---So hold on... I need another device to control the Chromecast?---Yup. To control the content that you display on the Chromecast, you'd need a wifi-enabled laptop, smartphone, or tablet. Preferably, your laptop, smartphone, or tablet would be connected to the same wifi network as your Chromecast (your home wifi / wireless internet connection, for instance).---What kind of stuff can I watch?---Lots. Apparently, it's pretty easy for a software developer to add Chromecast compatibility (which is what adds the little Chromecast icon I talked about above) to their application, so lots of things are Chromecast-compatible.  Unfortunately, Amazon Prime video streaming isn't yet, but Netflix, Hulu Plus, HBO Go, YouTube, Pandora, and a bunch more are all already compatible.  This means that if you have a device that can play any of those things natively (on the device itself), then you can probably use that device to "cast" (i.e. hand things off to) the Chromecast, and watch / listen to that content via your TV... provided you have a Chromecast plugged into the back of it.  So yeah... Google maintains a list of all of the services that are compatible, so I suggest checking to see if your preferred services are supported.(Link: https://www.google.com/chrome/devices/chromecast/apps.html )---So how does this thing compare to the Roku or Fire TV?---The Roku (including the Roku Streaming Stick) and Fire TV (including the Fire TV Stick ) can do many of the same things as the Chromecast, but in reality - because they don't require the use of external devices - and because they come with their own remotes - the Roku and Fire TV really are different animals. In some regards, they are better than the Chromecast, but in some regards, the Chromecast is better.How the Chromecast is better:* PRICE - Obviously, the Chromecast is one of the cheapest - if not THE cheapest options, so that's a huge advantage of the Chromecast.* PORTABILITY - If you wanted, you could easily unplug the Chromecast and bring it with you to a vacation house or a relative's house (assuming said house has wireless internet), and it would almost be plug and play.* EASY SHARING - Let's say you're sitting in a living room, and you find a YouTube video on your laptop, and want to show your spouse / kids / sibling / friend. With the Chromecast, you can just send that content directly to the TV, without having to look it up (i.e. browse for the video again) via a separate app. Oh... and did I mention that this also works with websites?  That's right - if you're using the Google Chrome browser on your computer, you can "cast" a web browser tab right to the TV. This is perfect for those "Oh! Let me show you this article" moments.How the Roku or Fire TV are better:* CONTROLS - As described above, the Chromecast requires you to use one of your existing devices - your smartphone, tablet, or computer - as the "remote" for the Chromecast. In contrast, the Roku and Fire TV have their own remotes, which many people will prefer - especially in situations where a smartphone, tablet, etc. are unavailable.* LEAN BACK EXPERIENCE - This one is a bit more difficult to describe - and is kind of tied to the "controls" item above, so bear with me here. In addition to having their own dedicated remotes, the Roku and Fire TV just feel a bit more immersive. In other words, because you can just set your phone / laptop / tablet aside while you watch (because you don't need to use it to control the show / movie / music / whatever), you might find consuming content via the Roku or Fire TV a bit less complex. Both the Roku and Fire TV have pretty decent interfaces, so both make browsing for content and navigating from app to app pretty easy, compared to the experience of controlling content via a second screen (e.g. YouTube app on your smartphone).
Updated 5/11/15: Not sure why I had to talk to a friend to figure this out, but once I did it worked fine. Use the extender for poor WIFI connections as it adds antenna length.  Also cell phones have a setting to check the internet connection with that needs to be turned off manually. Hopefully they updated the documentation and FAQs to include this.Between these issues and with the software updates that have been happening I am changing my review to 5 stars. Google keeps supporting it and now with HDMI control support it makes things much easier for setting up the amp automatically based on when something is shared.I tried setting this up with 5 different items...4 Cell phones and a MAC.It tells you to point your browser to the setup page. Once you do this I makes you download Chrome if you don't have it.  I understand this is necessary for it to function, but why do I have to download and install Chrome on my MAC to find out it is NOT SUPPORTED.  I tried to proceed anyway and it failed.  OK, try a phone.I point the chrome phone browser at the URL, and now it wants me to install chromecast on my phone from the playstore.I do this and try to configure the chromecast, but my Android phone keeps telling the the chromcast network is not reliable and disconnects from it before I can finish configuration.  I turn off the auto-netowrk switching and try again, this time it tells me my password was wrong...it was not.I tried from several different devices and never successfully connected it to the internet.  I received various error messages when setting it up. Most times it "Could not connect to my wireless network". When it would connect "it was not able to establish a connection to the internet".  All in all a waste of $35.  Seems like most of Google's other products...BETA.I love the idea this is, but I am fairly technical and was not given a way around the issues I encountered and it frustrated me.  I may try this product again if they can figure out how to make the setup work.  I think they tried to dumb it down more than they should have. Provide an alternative to setup and I may change my rating.
Takes a little while to figure out how to use it.Google is advertising that this ChromeCast is ready to work straight out of the box and it says you can do so much with it which is not true. The ChromeCast has a lot of limitations.I cannot connect by Ethernet to my Wireless Router and then to the Google ChromeCast. Your computer needs to have a WIFI card as well. That is stupid even though the ChromeCast is setup on my Wireless Router.I also had to disabled my Comodo Firewall to use the Google Chrome addon within the Chrome browser. Windows default Firewall does not need to be disabled.The Google Cast extension for Windows does not function at all on Win8 without a Wireless WIFI card. Keeps telling me to connect to WIFI and I'm already connected by Ethernet.I cannot stream any video from my Win8 computer to ChromeCast.Be-warned, ChromeCast is still in Beta testing but Google is selling it as a final release product which is wrong and should be illegal to do. I want a final product not a beta product because beta is known to have problems. But the ChromeCast is able to receive updates.At first I wasn't able to stream Netflix from Chrome browser to ChromeCast. This is now fixed.ChromeCast as of right now only works with Google Chrome browser and not other web browsers. I expect this to change later.I can stream YouTube fine from Chrome browser to ChromeCast. The streaming quality is very well. It's a little weird on how you stream it to the ChromeCast which is not user friendly.I can also stream video from other websites too and it streams very well.I can stream online video from my Android phone and tablet very well.I am sure that Google will fix some of the issues that I am having later as they release more updates.The ChromeCast itself is small in design and I like that. You plug it into the back of your TV by HDMI and then plug in the power adapter that came with it. I had to use an extension power cable because the power adapter than came with ChromeCast was to short.
I recently purchased the Chromecast module from Amazon. I excitedly opened my box and plugged the module into the hdmi port on my TV. I elected to use my phone to set up the Chromecast device and to my chagrin I was not ever able to connect the module to my wifi. I tried for about an hour (tinkering with my router settings)before venturing online to see if others were having similar problems. Bingo! It does not work with 5 GHz wifi anymore. You have to connect to the device using the 2.4 GHz band. Once I did that everything has been smooth sailing ever since! Originally you could use 5 GHz but so many people were having issues Google updated the modules to auto detect the stability of your 5 GHz band and use only 2.4 GHz - as per Google's help forum.I have Apple TV 3rd generation, PS3, XBox360, and now Chromecast. I will directly compare it to my Apple TV. Without a doubt it is easier to use and I have less issues with my Chromecast than mirroring my laptop with my Apple TV using Mac OS. When mirroring my Chrome browser tabs, it takes less bandwidth than mirroring my entire desktop using Apple TV. I also love that I can stream a selected tab and continue to work in other tabs when using my Chromecast and laptop combo. When I mirror using Apple TV, whatever I am doing on my laptop is mirrored to my TV. One thing I noticed is that when I am mirroring using Apple TV it is hit or miss. Sometimes I can connect and sometimes I can't and have to restart my connection. I have never had a single issue with Chromecast thus far. This issue is most pronounced when using Hulu through a web browser. I can rarely get through an episode while mirroring using my Apple TV without it stuttering to the point of being unwatchable. Sometimes I can use Apple TV and hulu without issue. I check the band channels to make sure they are not cluttered with users so I know it is not that. I want to mention that I have a super high bandwidth router. I have never had an issue mirroring my tabs with Hulu playing using Chromecast.Where Apple TV one-ups Chromecast is the resolution with which you can mirror. Chromecast is limited to 720P while Apple TV can mirror higher resolutions and is limited by your TV's resolution. Apple also has more apps available on their device.I love that I can easily switch between tabs, apps, and devices using Chromecast. Transitions are seamless.I am about to purchase another Chromecast (love it so much).  $35 dollars... can't beat that  :-)
At this time I only recommend this if you don't mind fiddling with technology and/or you think that $35 sounds good compared to $50-$150 for a Roku or similar device.WHO I AM:This review will focus on my use of Chromecast.  Chromecast features will change over time (usually for the better). Look for up to date product details elsewhere.  I'm a techie but I don't spend much money on technology and I have little patience for bugs or bad design.HOW I USE OR HAVE TRIED TO USE THE CHROMECAST:> Sony Bravia TV.  I recently configured the TV to turn on and change the input automatically when I play something.  Cool feature.  It's too bad I still have to turn off the TV manually.> Netflix - I love that I can start a show from either my laptop or my Android phone.If I'm doing chores around the house I sometimes start a show from my phone and swap playback between the phone and the TV.  This usually works fine but sometimes the playback jumps backward by a few minutes.  This should work from a laptop too but...My laptop almost always loses its connection to the Chromecast during playback after a few minutes.  The Netflix page says to refresh the browser window but that rarely fixes it. (For what it's worth, I'm running Windows 8 with an Airport Extreme.)My Android phone seems to automatically close the Netflix app after 20 minutes of inactivity.  So if I'm watching a show I often have to restart Netflix on my phone and wait for it to reconnect to Chromecast before I can pause or select another show.  I imagine I would have heard more about this if it were widespread.  Therefore, I suspect that iPhones, iPads, and some other Android devices do not have this problem.Picture quality for Netflix is excellent.> Amazon Instant Video - Unsupported.> Google Music - Playback from my Android phone works flawlessly.  Playback from my laptop requires the music to go from the Internet to my laptop then to my Chromecast. This gobbles my laptop battery so I don't do it.> Spotify - Unsupported.> YouTube - Nice!  I think this is the best way to watch YouTube.  You can queue videos for playback and continue to browse the web as a video is playing. Unfortunately, the interface for adding a video to the queue is confusing.
It's cool and the setup is easy. If you only want to watch YouTube or Netflix (or Hulu now?). When I first put this in I wanted to stream movies from my PC. I already use PS3 Media Server which works well for most devices in my house. I bought this because of a new TV I have that is not any type of smart TV. When I plugged it in and got my browser streaming on the TV from my PC I was very happy. I quickly found out that not all video types are supported. It seems to play mp4 fine if you have a lot of those. I have MKV's mostly so 99% of the movies I had would not pass audio. After many attempts at getting this to work with different players through Chrome (VLC, Divx, etc.), I finally gave up. This is probably more of an issue with the Chrome browser at this point and it's inability to work with some audio streams. What did finally end up working was Plex. Plex is nice because it has its own web page which you can open in Chrome and it forces Chrome to use its player. Then you can cast that from Chrome which works and you can pick audio language and such. Okay problem solved right? Not quite. My movies are mostly 1080p. Now although the Chromecast can get 1080p (I believe), this is only through apps like YouTube and such. Chrome browser will only cast 720p. Boooo.Another really important thing is the fact that Chromecast requires wifi. It's not totally clear that this device only works on a wifi connection. I actually had to buy a wifi dongle for my hard-wired PC. Don't get me wrong, I needed it, but it was unexpected. I thought that if I could stream other stuff from my PC to devices on my wireless network then this would work as well. I was wrong.Anyways I give Chrome browser 1 star for having such a huge job in this and failing miserably. I'm giving Chromecast 3 stars because of its lack of streaming apps like Fling (which was awesome and then taken away). I also think it should be more obvious when purchasing Chromecast of these shortcomings.I can't wait for new apps that let me stream local media more easily. It's still a great device and I'm not upset that I bought one.
Purchased this device a few weeks ago.  Goal was to find an economic (in time and $$)  way to wirelessly stream movies and websites from my laptop to my TV without purchasing a separate netbox computer and mess with all the ancillary issues of maintaining a separate computer.  Researched Roku, AppleTV, etc. but they lacked the ability to stream from my computer to the TV whatever I was looking at on the screen.The Chromecast met those goals.  I won't describe the full mechanics of how it works -- there are tons of product reviews/tech sites that explain that -- but I will say that this devices works really well and is dead easy to use.  It is small, quick to set up, doesn't require a technical degree to figure out and does what it says it will do. You control playback from your computer so no additional remotes to pile on the coffee table. It comes populated with Netflix and YouTube and a music channel (have not played with music channel) and one thing I REALLY like is that I can start a movie or video on my computer and send it over to the TV -- "Cast" it --- and the device then takes it from there -- streams the video from the network --- thus allowing me to continue surfing on the web while the movie is playing. It will even turn on your TV for you when you cast to it.  I can minimize the cast tab and continue to work on other browser tabs and even in different browsers.  The Chromecast requires that you use the Chrome browser for casting.  I am a IE user.  So I kick off whatever I'm watching in Chrome and then go back over to IE to surf and work.The movies and videos from Netflix and YouTube playback in HD.  If you are playing a video that is streaming directly from a website (embedded in the webpage) the playback will be in whatever quality that is on the webpage, and can be a bit choppy and get out of sync with video/audio.  I'm guessing this is b/c it is streaming from the website to your computer, then streaming to the Chromecast device instead of streaming directly to the Chromecast as with the native channels on the device.  However, if I stop and then start up the video again it seems to sync up and be fine.  I should also point out that I am using this on a DSL 3MB internet connection and have no issues with buffering, interrupted playback, pixilating, etc.on the Netflix/YouTube playback.  A faster internet speed might resolve the webpage issues.Wishes:  I would like more native channels on the device for PC.  Google announced a HuluPlus addition but seems to be for phones and pad devices .  They are promising more channels but have not seen much so far.  I am moving towards cutting the cable TV subscription entirely and have already reduced down to a minimal level for local channels.  And in that vein, I may revisit purchasing a Roku to compliment the Chromecast.Bottom line:  I really like this device.  And for a low startup cost -- $35 --- it was a good gamble to see how well it would work with my home set up and meet my goals.  Am looking forward to seeing how Google grows and adds to its capabilities.
I can't comment on Google Play or Chrome tab integration, as I don't really have a use for that, but I figured $35 for a nice little Netflix and Youtube streamer would be worth it, and I was very pleased with the results. I have a first generation Roku XD and its navigation is painfully slow, Netflix constantly drops quality for no reason, and I can't stream Youtube on it.For starters, my setup is probably different than most (the INTENDED setup). I actually plug this little guy into the back of my receiver on one of the inputs (previously used by my Roku), and for this purpose, I did actually require the HDMI extender included in the box, which I didn't expect to need. It was very comforting that Google included ALL of the required and possible use cables and adapters in the box. For $35, that's really something, if you ask me.Setup was so easy, I'm fairly certain an 8 year old could handle it. It took about 3 minutes, then another 10 or 15 to wait for updates, and my Chromecast was ready to go. So far, I've used it quite a few times. Youtube is great. It usually starts in SD and goes up to HD in the first 10 seconds of the video. I'd prefer it to default to HD, and would rather wait for that to buffer, but I'm really just looking for a complaint here. It streams very nicely and the integration with my phone and tablet is seamless. Netflix always plays HD when available. I have not yet seen a Netflix video drop down to SD as it does frequently on my Roku. Considering the Roku is hooked up via LAN, I'm wondering if this is impressive for the Chromecast wi-fi radio, or just plain sad for the Roku. Either way, I'm pleased with the Chromecast.It does the things I expected out of it, and probably better than I thought it would. For the price, I don't see a reason to not get one of these unless you have a smart TV that already does what this device does.
This a kind of a hard review to write, I own a Roku HD which has rarely been touched. I wanted a internet media device which I have for the past 6 months been relying on my Wii U to preform. I like being able to watch Twitch videos, youtube, Hulu plus and Netflix videos on my tv. The Wii U has been my go to device here recently however the 35 dollar chrome cast has been a interesting replacement. For Netflix and Hulu integration, this device works great. It has no menu of its own so you must connect with it from another device. I use a Nexus 4 and a iPad for this and it works nicely, the quickest start up out of any device I have used so far. If that is important to you great but I am somewhat used to the 20 sec load up time where the quicker start up is nice but not really something I was looking for. The youtube integration is the best selling point so far, and in my world this has been a life saver. The Wii U has made youtube videos watchable but there has always been a few hangups. If you want to watch a live youtube broadcast you must share your tab on full screen as the device will not stream it. Not a big deal as I just hide the tab behind my browser. Twitch support would be the best point I wish to bring up. If you watch Twitch videos I love source media, its quicker and not converted as its other formats and the Wii U and every other device outside of my computer would not have this as a option. I need to do the same thing as a Youtube live stream when trying to watch a Twitch stream but it is so nice to watch this on my TV.I have yet to find a reason to stream a webpage but it is available. If I felt like watching a flash animation from Newgrounds this would be the only real reason but if you wish to stream a webpage then here you go.The options available to change are limited which I guess is a good thing however there are times where I would like to change the way the video is displayed. Sometimes it looks like my TV clips the corners only so slightly but it may be my angle. You can change the video quality and the devices name and if you wish, you can even factory reset the device.For what this device does it works for my needs and replaces my need for the Wii U which saves a few headaches in changing settings to get the best picture for my live streams. The price makes this very attractive to me and my Roku device is now in another room as I try and figure out what to do with it.My only issue that I can think of that might cause some one to have a negative view would be stream lag, if you stream a twitch video for example the tv and computer will have a 1 sec delay, I just put the tab behind another tab to ignore that but some may find the non real time view annoying, I honestly don't but to each there own. I would buy this again and if I ever figure out a reason for a 2nd one I will swipe one up.
***** 11/19/2014 update *****Since my original review, Chromecast has expanded its offerings.  Still no Amazon video, but that isn't the fault of Chromecast.  Since then, I've been able to cast my screen from a Nexus 4 and 7.  This is a great feature, which eliminates the need for any miracast receiver.Like----1. Easy to use, easy to transport to other locations.2. Navigation is simplified using a phone/tablet.3. Works fine with iOS and Android.4. Screen casting from Android devices is great.5. Casting from within applications/webpages is prevalent, but we don't use that much.Dislikes--------1. Have to use phone/tablet for navigation.  Sometimes we wish for a simple remote.2. iOS loses sync, app has to be restarted on the device.  Luckily, we don't have to reboot the Chromecast (most of the time).3. Is this going to be another Google dodo?  E.g. Nexus Q, Google TV?  Will support continue with the introduction of Android TV?I have also ordered two Amazon Fire TV sticks to see how they compare with the Chromecast.  I should have a review comparing the two shortly.***** Original review *****The early Chromecast orders were more appealing because of the 3-months of Netflix included.  I use it regularly to watch YouTube and Netflix on my TV in the family room.  The picture quality is better than Netflix through my Roku XD (first gen).  Occasionally, it loses sync with my phone or tablet (both Android).  It has been reasonably easy to get it back in sync though (usually restarting the Chromecast app on the phone/tablet, and restarting Netflix/YouTube).I see great potential for this devices, and devices like it.  I like the idea of keeping the "smarts" in one devices, and other devices (like Chromecast) are essentially receivers.Even with the minor flaws, the pricepoint makes it a must have for anyone with a TV with HDMI.
I bought one at BestBuy July 25 when they were first available. It installed easily on my Panasonic TV using my Samsung Galaxy tablet and has worked flawlessly for 2 ½ months now. My AT&T; Wi-Fi internet service has never been a problem. There are 2 things I particularly like about my Chromecast:1. It streams Netflix without pauses. My WDTV Live box and the app built into my TV often pause to rebuffer. The Chromecast has never had a hiccup.2. The Android app for Netflix on my tablet has a feature that I haven't seen on other Netflix apps: it has a slider at the bottom of the screen to tell where you are in a video and you can move it left or right to instantly go forward or back in the video. There is no hesitation like when using the fast forward or rewind buttons on a remote control.One thing should be emphasized: you must have Wi-Fi (wireless internet) for Chromecast to work. It does not have an Ethernet port for an internet connection. And you must be able to find your Wi-Fi password. If you haven't changed it, it is probably printed on your wireless router or in the paperwork that came with it. On my AT&T; Gateway (2Wire wireless router) it's called the "Wireless Network Key".I don't understand why so many negative reviews complain about the limited number of applications that work with Chromecast. The specs clearly state, "Supports Netflix, YouTube, Hulu Plus, and Google Play Movies and Music mobile apps as well as SELECT (my caps) content through Chrome browser". Why would anyone expect it to do more than this? Don't they read the specs? Or worse, do they read the specs and expect it to do more? The Chromecast does exactly what it claims and does these things extremely well.If you have any problems, search YouTube on your computer for "Chromecast" where you will find lots of videos on setup and use of the device.I love Chromecast and have just ordered another one (from Amazon this time) for a second TV.
The Chromecast is a great piece of technology, especially considering the price point and what it offers, not just now, but in the future as more apps/streaming options become available.  Set-up on a dual-band WiFi router was a little tricky for me.  If you have a  dual-band router, I would suggest doing web searches prior to ordering the Chromecast, so you are at least familiar with what you may be up against when it arrives.  After about an hour, I was able to get it to work - don't give up!What it does well:1. Watching YouTube videos from my Nexus tablet or Windows 8 Tablet - so much better on the TV when I want to show my kids something.2. Netflix streaming videos from my Nexus tablet - I find it great that I can get a show going for my kids and then use the Nexus to browse, check Facebook, etc, while they are still watching their program. I don't really care to watch what they are watching, so I enjoy this feature.3. Google Play TV - This is a nice touch from my Nexus tablet as we don't have cable/satellite at home so we buy the TV shows that we want to see and the Chromecast delivers!What I wish it did:1. Watch ESPN - again, since I don't have cable/satellite, it would be great to have ESPN support on the Watch ESPN app for the Nexus &/or web-support from my Windows 8 Tablet/PC.  No dice yet, so I run HDMI from my Windows 8 Tablet to the TV or use the app on my Xbox 360.  1st world problems, right?2. XBMC support - this will probably not ever happen, but here's to wishing.Overall, this is a cool little device and I'm anxious to try this out when I go to my in-laws for the holidays or on the road at a hotel, to see how easy/difficult it may be to set-up.
While you can control your Chromecast with a desktop computer, you won't be able to set it up with one. You will need either a laptop, or an Android phone.Why? Well, when you first power-up the Chromecast, and plug it into your TV's HDMI jack, the Chromecast creates it's own wireless network. You need to connect to that network (instead of your home router's network) to set-up the Chromecast, and you can't do that with a desktop computer that doesn't have WiFi itself.If you're thinking ahead, you're probably thinking that maybe you can change your router's settings so it'll connect to the Chromecast... but even if you overcome that hurdle, the last step is to connect the Chromecast to your home router's network, and if you've already changed the router's settings, the Chromecast won't be able to connect to it.So you will need a laptop (with its own WiFi), or an Android phone. (Sorry, no iPhones.)Once you get it set-up, you will use an extension to your Google Chrome browser to send content ("cast to") the Chromecast. There are two ways to cast to it.First, for Netflix, Hulu+ (not Hulu, Hulu+), and YouTube, you can cast directly to the Chromecast. That is, once you direct the content to the Chromecast, the Chromecast downloads it directly from the internet. You could, theoretically, shut-down your computer, and just let the Chromecast run.The second way you can cast is to send a tab from the Google Chrome browser to display on your TV. Essentially, your Chrome browser is downloading the content to your computer, and then is resending it to the Chromecast. This allows you to watch video from any website.Note that most of the videos you can get online, especially the free stuff, is going to look really bad on a big TV set. So to really take advantage of the big screen, you will need to have either a Netflix or Hulu+ paid subscription to get good, high-def video that can go directly to the Chromecast (as opposed to just re-casting a tab in your browser.) Otherwise, Chromecast is just a cheap trick that'll get a low-rez browser tab playing on your nice TV set instead of on your computer monitor.Update: Okay, I signed-up for the free trial of Hulu Plus, something I've been considering for a long time. I thought that now with the Chromecast it would be worth it. However, even from Hulu Plus, you can't, from your PC (desktop or laptop), cast directly to the Chromecast. You still need to cast the the tab.There are apps so you can use iPads, but not iPods or iPhones, and certain Android devices to directly cast Hulu to the Chromecast, but my Android phone is not supported, and I'm not going to buy a new phone just to cast Hulu.Since it's the start of the TV season, and I have plenty of new things to watch, I'm not going to check Netflix at this time, but I have to say that I am now quite disappointed with Chromecast. It was pitched as if it was a way to turn any TV with an available HDMI port into a way to watch streaming video on your non-Internet TV, but it doesn't play well with PC's at all.If you don't have a fairly new Android phone, the Chromecast is really just a toy that allows you to watch Youtube videos on your big screen. It certainly isn't the greatest thing since sliced bread like it was hyped to be when it was released.
The Chromecast is a great product if you know what you are getting. We have a Samsung TV (flatscreen, but no smart TV). We used our Blue-Ray player to stream Netflix movies. However, the Blue-Ray player took ages to open the Netflix app and navigating in Netflix was horrible and slow. The Blue-Ray player was connected to the router through ethernet, so it was not a connection problem.The Chromecast solved this for us. We use it mainly to make our TV a little smarter. Mostly, we watch Netflix and every now and then we watch some YouTube videos through it. I also tried the Google Play Music function, which works nicely for me, the same goes for Hulu Plus. The app selection is very limited at the moment. However, it is a product that is very much in its infancy, so I am expecting more apps to become available soon (-ish). I am really hoping that Amazon will make its Prime Instant Movies available through the Chromecast at some point. NHL Gamecenter and HBO Go would also be nice.Setting up the Chromecast was rather easy for me. Make sure you do have a reliable wifi connection, because the phone/tablet and the Chromecast need to communicate over Wifi. Also, the Chromecast will create its own little Wifi hotspot for a short time, so make sure you are rather close to the TV while setting up, so the Chromecast and the phone/tablet can communicate with each other.I hope the Chromecast technology will make its way into more products in the future. I would definitely get a soundbar/music system that would let me stream my music (plus Pandora, Rdio etc.) directly to a set of speakers, kind of like a Sonos, just cheaper and super easy to set up.I would recommend the Chromecast to people who want to upgrade their "dumb" TV or to people who purchase most their digital media from the Google Play Store.
Update, 12.20.2013:With additional content partners launched and improvements to the tab casting experience, I now wholeheartedly give Chromecast a 5 star rating, up from the 4 stars at launch.------------------------------------Original Review.This is a brilliant concept and execution- mostly- with a few rough edges and limited content options.Setup will be easy for anyone using a laptop or system with built-in wifi card. Don't try to use a desktop you've connected by ethernet that doesn't have a wireless connection- you'll get an unhelpful message about VPN, although calling google support was a better support experience than anticipated.As a internet streaming device, it is probably the best option on the market for adding "smart tv" functions for web streaming to the millions of early HDTV's that didn't have this feature.  Due to the clever integration with Netflix and YouTube across Android, iOS, and any browser, using Chromecast is very convenient.  Lost the remote? Just grab your next internet connected device- VERY nice.People who have an xbox and can use that for streaming- IF they pay for xbox gold- Chromecast can be an attractive option VS.  paying for gold. People who have netflix and or youtube access via blu-ray or other interfaces may be won over by the ability to use basically any internet enabled device as a remote- and i'm thinking this is a clever way to facilitate second screen experiences as well.It'll be interesting to see if Chromecast gets other content providers like Hulu, Amazon Prime, etc. to start delivering their content this way- that's probably the biggest reason NOT to buy a chromecast- in terms of video, don't count on playing it unless it's on yotube or netflix.the tab casting experience nearly gets the product dropped to 3 stars for me, as it is atrocious- but google did a really great job with the two content providers they support, so overall it's a 4.  even on a gigabit wired network with a high-end access point less than 10 feet from the Chromecast, the video streaming performance was pathetic.  i've been an IT pro for over 5 years, and this really was one of the least impressive features i've seen go live- music and photo tab casting worked when I browse to local files in chrome, but videos were awful even after dropping quality to the lowest settings.It's frustrating the feature I was most interested in- "tab casting" my own content was basically unusable- so I really hope google puts in the work to improve this feature- although to be fair when streaming internet content chrome cast really shines.
Like so many other aspiring supervillains, I too dreamed of seamlessly uniting my laptop, mobile and living room content on one HDMI-equipped screen. I dreamed big; show off my plans for the Fart Ray to the League of Evil, play that episode of Pokemon that causes seizures for a room full of people and enjoy my collection of Windows 95 screensavers on the big screen.Casting Tabs:Here's the deal: if you want to use Chromecast to 'Cast' Google Chrome tabs to your TV, you're going to need a relatively new wireless router if that means watching Putlocker or other Flash videos. It does, however, perform excellently with static pages.Travel:Chromecast's portability is only useful if you plan on taking the device from one room to another - or if you're going to be taking it to a friend's house - but hotel and public WiFi are out. You'll need a router which supports multicast, which public networks will not, and you can't create an Ad Hoc connection to stream directly from your device to the Chromecast.Desktop Casting:Google stresses that this feature is still very much in the 'BETA' stage. The capitalization is no doubt for emphasis! It's buggy, crashes frequently and is by no means a practical alternative to using a wired connection to bring your PC/Mac desktop into the living room. Keep an eye out for future updates from Google which may make this feature more reliable.Netflix & YouTube Casting:In my testing, Netflix would crash or end up locked in a continuous loading screen when casting from my Samsung Galaxy Tab,  Samsung Galaxy S III and iPod Touch (5th Generation). READ CAREFULLY - When the Chromecast encounters an error of this type, it broadcasts its own SSID (network signal name) and totally disconnects all other devices on your network. You will need to unplug the Chromecast and wait for your devices to reconnect. On the plus side, the Chromecast is totally badass at disrupting the WiFi connection of everything on your network, which is great if your roommate likes to stream Happy Feet really loudly.YouTube, however, works flawlessly. Since the Chromecast doesn't actually stream video from your device directly, you can feel free to take a call, play a game or do whatever you like with your mobile device or computer while YouTube is playing your content.Multiple Devices:Switching between your phone, tablet, iPod or computer is seamless; just cast the content from whatever device you want to use and it will start playing.Be aware that anybody connected to your wireless network can also control the Chromecast - no password, user account or security verification required. If you plan on using the Chromecast in a public place or at a party, don't. Anyone can download the Chromecast app and start streaming Desperate House Husbands 2: The Dickening at your next house party or business conference with the League of Evil.Pros:-Small form factor-Still cheaper than descending into a life of supervillainy and crack addiction-Receives updated functionality from Google via updates-Doesn't require your mobile devices to maintain a WiFi connection-The Android and iOS software makes it very easy to cast from inside compatible appsCons:-Not truly portable-Netflix and YouTube are really the only 'Apps' available; developers are still waiting to see if this catches on-Tab casting video content is buggy; video quality does not adjust automatically-Netflix casting can disconnect all of the devices on your network-Extremely easy for random strangers to 'Cast' porn onto your TV
Love this thing!  Held out buying one cuz we have an old CRT TV from 1990! No HDMI of course.  So when I found that there are devices out there that can convert the hdmi signal to analog for playback on our old tv, I had to try the converter and chromecast out (together).  Note: we bought the "Sabrent HDMI to Composite/S-Video Converter 3RCA DA-HDRC"  from Amazon to use for the conversion.  Works like a charm!  I did the initial set up of the chromecast using my nexus 7 tablet, (note, you can't cast (stream) webpages/videos using a tablet yet..google is working on that.  I use our desktop computer for that), but you can use the tablet for all the other chromecast features.  Anyway.... I've casted youtube videos so far, hulu plus shows so far, haven't tried the Netflix movies yet.....but have streamed (casted) lot's of misc. website videos like those on yahoo for example.  And even casted our local news channel, KTVU channel 2 news, right from their website to our analog TV using the Chrome browser which is the only browser that will work with the Chromecast.  Quality isn't bad..seriously!  Neither is the sound!  Though there is a slight delay with the words people speak (the soundtrack) is off a TAD, not much though.  Guess that depends on the speed of your internet.  Ours is pretty fast.  So.... guess we (and others) do not NEED to buy a new TV with hdmi ports in them.  We personally, love our old tv and have no desire to chuck it out just yet.  I'm glad to be able to use new technology on old technology!  We're happy.  Thanks for reading!  Enjoy your Chromecast if you get one!  They are neat!!!  :-)
As someone who travels quite a bit, I find myself spending many nights in hotel rooms all over the country. When I first heard about the "travel friendly" Chromecast I was very excited. Finally, there would be a portable, super-lightweight way to stream Netflix (and now Hulu) content to the hotel TV. In theory, this should have been the perfect device for me.When  hooked to a TV via both HDMI and USB (for power) this little dongle is fantastic. You simply log into the Chromecast app on your phone, configure the Chromecast to access the network, and off you go! This works great at home, but almost never works on the road.The Problem:Nearly every hotel in the country now uses "Captive Portals" for their Wifi access. These captive portals are basically webpages that come up when you first connect to the hotel's "open" network. The pages usually serve as a way to pay for internet access, display terms of use or both. Even hotels with "free" internet access use such pages. Because ChromeCast doesn't have a browser built in, it can never get past the authentication pages of these captive portals.Kludgy Solutions:1. Travel with a Travel router. Not all hotels have ethernet ports, but for those that do, you can take along a travel-router. You connect the router to the ethernet, then connect to the router's wireless signal with any other device. When you authenticate on the captive portal, every device hooked to your private wifi are now authenticated... chromecast included. This works great for hotels with internet, but is kludgy and cumbersome. I feel ridiculous dragging a router to a hotel that has wifi.2. Use your computer's internet sharing as a router. If you have your PC or Mac with you can bridge network connections to make the computer behave much like a travel router: Same as #1.3. If you get really fancy, you could temporarily spoof the MAC address of the Chromecast using another computer... Authenticate, then hook up the Chromcast to the wireless network on which its MAC is now authenticated.Bottom line: In order to be of any use for travelers, Google needs to come up with a solution for the Captive Portal problem.
I got this mostly for traveling. I normally use my iPad to hook up to hotel televisions to watch stuff I bring with me or stream. But that's usually kind of inconvenient when you're searching for things to watch and don't really want to get out of bed. This was just finally getting in stock and the price was perfect, so I thought I would check it out!But, unfortunately if you're looking to use it in a hotel, you'll have no luck 8 times out of 10 because you are using the hotels wifi network. Which doesn't really play well with letting different devices connect to one another, for obvious reasons. If your hotel provided a wired connection you could always bring a router and create your own wifi network in the room. But that's getting a little in depth. I have heard of people using their computers as the routers while using the hotel's wifi. Again, sounded like a bit over my head.So since I couldn't use it for that, I figured I would hook it up to my guest room tv. And I have to say, it's pretty awesome! Right now there are only 3 apps for it, Netflix, Youtube, and Android Play. As of this writing the there is a develop program going which will bring many more apps in the near future. It will basically become a pocket Roku device.It's easy to setup and pretty much anyone on your network has access to it. So if you have a friend over and they want to show you something on youtube, they can just stream it using their phone. That's awesome! And the Netflix app is pretty good too! It's kind of crazy when you are using your phone as video streaming device for your 50" TV and it looks great.Also another cool feature was the Chrome browser extension. It basically turns your browser into an airplay like device. Whatever you are looking at is reflected on the TV. I can imagine this being really handy for presentations or even a fantasy football draft.The build quality is solid. It doesn't feel like plastic and actually has some weight to it. It also has a external power adapter if you're using a TV that doesn't have HDMI 1.4 (I guess 1.4 lets you power devices and I think you will mostly only find it on 2013 TV's)So even though I couldn't use it for the reason I bought it, I still really like it. And at $35 it's cheap enough to pick up an check out, if only to use as a Netflix device. And once the 3rd party apps come out of beta, I think this thing will be huge. There are rumors that you will eventually be able to play content directly from your phone. That would solve my hotel network issue!I absolutely recommend this product.  I would have given it 5 stars if they already had the option to do something like Wifi Direct, where you just beam from your phone directly to the Chromecast without a network. There are rumors of that coming through updates too! But even if the rumors don't come true, I'm pretty sure Hulu is coming and maybe even Amazon Prime!
1/21/14 Update -I am changing my rating from 1 star to 2 because Google has apparently tried its hardest to overcome DRM hobbling (within the overlord whims of the Bar Association's despotic "case law") by enabling streaming from personal devices to Chromecast via RealPlayer Cloud. The effect of this indirect DRM circumvention does not work very well (inconsistent reliability, and only streams small files unless you first upload them to RealCloud), but I will happily grant one additional star for this effort.It is relevant to ask, however, if a small company like Real can enable us to stream videos from our personal devices to television monitors through Chromecast, why cannot a big company like Google do it? Nobody doubts adding the unnecessary detour of RealCloud slows playback. Why not skip it, letting users stream in the fastest and most direct manner possible? For me, the answer is obvious, Google is a big juicy target for DRM lawsuits. Google apparently does not dare to do what Real dares, standing its ground against obsolete DRM middlemen and their corrupt Bar Association lawyers, judges and politicians. Yet I am sure we can agree, "Don't be evil" requires taking a stand before acquiescing to that which is personally repugnant  [...]. I call upon members of the Google corporation to do what they personally know is right, and not let the corporate machine override their humanity.10/4/13 Original (One star) Review -Digital Rights Management (DRM) is loaded on this device. DRM makes users jump through hoops and hobbles Chromecast's best features. For example, the DRM on Chromecast determines any SD card to be a threat it cannot control, so it prevents the user from playing music on the phone or tablet through Chromecast until the SD card is removed. Worse, Chromecast does not tell you what the problem is or how to fix it (probably because "Remove your SD card and jump though a dozen other DRM hoops to make Chromecast work" sounds a little absurd). Instead, you get the cryptic message, "Playback error -- Unable to play the song. Can't play a sideloaded song remotely."If you google that message, you run into a dozen forums with hundreds of people, each who have a different fix that works for them on their particular setup. By massaging DRM just right, it is possible to get Chromecast to work, but probably not with an SD card because DRM has not figured out how to make anything useful also safe for "intellectual property" corporations (and never will for the fairly obvious reason that innovation is at odds with DRM control).None of this is google's fault. Without DRM, Chromecast would be an awesome device, but with DRM, the best features of Chromecast are virtually unusable.
ALTER PROCEDURE Finance.P_GetRegistrationStudentsOnScholarships  @RegistrationStudentsOnScholarships_Id BIGINT = NULL ,  @Student_ID BIGINT = NULL ,  @DonationSpendingSponsor_ID BIGINT = NULL ,  @Agenda_ID BIGINT = NULL ,  @Semester_ID BIGINT = NULL ,  @CreatedBy INT = NULL ,  @CreationDate DATETIME = NULL ,  @UpdatedBy BIGINT = NULL ,  @UpdatedDate DATETIME = NULL ,  @Is_Deleted BIT = NULL ,  @Establishe_ID BIGINT = NULL ,  @recordCount INT = NULL OUTPUT ,  @startRowIndex INT = -1 ,  @pageSize INT = -1 ,  @CanceledRegistrationStudentOnScholarships_ID INT = NULL ,  @Is_Canceled BIT = NULL ,  @Lang NCHAR(2) = NULL ,  @StudentName NVARCHAR(MAX) = NULL ,  @AcademicNumber NVARCHAR(MAX) = NULLAS  DECLARE @FiSS DATETIME  DECLARE @FiSE DATETIME  DECLARE @SeSS DATETIME  DECLARE @SeSE DATETIME  DECLARE @SuSS DATETIME  DECLARE @SuSE DATETIME  DECLARE @CurrentAgenda_ID INT  DECLARE @CurrentSemester_ID INT  SELECT TOP 1  @CurrentAgenda_ID = a.Agenda_ID ,  @FiSS = DateOfFirstSemesterStart ,  @FiSE = DateOfFirstSemesterEnd ,  @SeSS = DateOfSecondSemesterStart ,  @SeSE = DateOfSecondSemesterEnd ,  @SuSS = DateOfSummerSemesterStart ,  @SuSE = DateOfSummerSemesterEnd  FROM  GenericAdministration.Agenda a  INNER JOIN Academy.AgendaAproves aa ON a.Agenda_ID = aa.Agenda_ID  WHERE  GETDATE() >= StudyYearStart  AND GETDATE() < StudyYearEnd  AND aa.Establishe_ID = @Establishe_ID  IF GETDATE() BETWEEN @FiSS AND @FiSE  SET @CurrentSemester_ID = 1  IF GETDATE() BETWEEN @SeSS AND @SeSE  SET @CurrentSemester_ID = 2  IF GETDATE() BETWEEN @SuSS AND @SuSE  SET @CurrentSemester_ID = 3  IF ( @recordCount IS NOT NULL )  BEGIN  SET @recordCount = ( SELECT COUNT(*)  FROM  GenericAdministration.RegistrationStudentsOnScholarships rss  INNER JOIN Finance.StudentsFinancialInfoHistory sfh ON rss.RegistrationStudentOnScholarships_Id = sfh.RegistrationStudentOnScholarships_Id  INNER JOIN Academy.Students s ON rss.Student_ID = s.Student_ID  WHERE  ( Is_Canceled = 0  OR Is_Canceled IS NULL  )  AND rss.Is_Deleted = 0  AND ( rss.RegistrationStudentOnScholarships_Id = @RegistrationStudentsOnScholarships_Id  OR @RegistrationStudentsOnScholarships_Id IS NULL  )  AND ( rss.[Student_ID] = @Student_ID  OR @Student_ID IS NULL  )  AND ( rss.[DonationSpendingSponsor_ID] = @DonationSpendingSponsor_ID  OR @DonationSpendingSponsor_ID IS NULL  )  AND ( rss.[Agenda_ID] = @Agenda_ID  OR @Agenda_ID IS NULL  )  AND ( rss.[Semester_ID] = @Semester_ID  OR @Semester_ID IS NULL  )  AND ( rss.[CreatedBy] = @CreatedBy  OR @CreatedBy IS NULL  )  AND ( rss.[CreationDate] = @CreationDate  OR @CreationDate IS NULL  )  AND ( rss.[UpdatedBy] = @UpdatedBy  OR @UpdatedBy IS NULL  )  AND ( rss.[UpdatedDate] = @UpdatedDate  OR @UpdatedDate IS NULL  )  AND ( s.Establishe_ID = @Establishe_ID  OR @Establishe_ID IS NULL  )  AND ( [Is_Canceled] = @Is_Canceled  OR @Is_Canceled IS NULL  )  AND ( [CanceledRegistrationStudentOnScholarships_ID] = @CanceledRegistrationStudentOnScholarships_ID  OR @CanceledRegistrationStudentOnScholarships_ID IS NULL  )  AND ( s.Name_Ar LIKE '%'  + @studentName + '%'  OR s.Name_En LIKE '%'  + @studentName + '%'  OR @studentName IS NULL  OR @studentName LIKE ''  )  AND ( s.AcademicNumber LIKE '%'  + @AcademicNumber + '%'  OR @AcademicNumber IS NULL  OR @AcademicNumber LIKE ''  )  )  RETURN  END  IF @Lang = 'ar'  BEGIN  SELECT DISTINCT  *  FROM  ( SELECT  ROW_NUMBER() OVER ( PARTITION BY rss.RegistrationStudentOnScholarships_Id ORDER BY rss.RegistrationStudentOnScholarships_Id ) AS Row ,  sem.Name_Ar AS SemestersName ,  s.Name_Ar AS StudentName ,  s.AcademicNumber AS AcademicNumber ,  ( CONVERT(NVARCHAR, a.CurentStudyYear) + '/'  + CONVERT(NVARCHAR, a.CurentStudyYear + 1) ) AS AgendaName ,  dss.Name_Ar AS SpendingName ,  rss.RegistrationStudentOnScholarships_Id ,  rss.Student_ID ,  rss.DonationSpendingSponsor_ID ,  rss.Agenda_ID ,  rss.Semester_ID ,  rss.Is_Deleted ,  a.CurentStudyYear ,  rss.FinancialPackagesApproval_ID ,  rss.SemesterNumber ,  s.Specialization_ID ,  s.Establishe_ID ,  s.IdentificationNo ,  Academy.CheckIfSchoolerShipIsCrossing(s.Student_ID,  @CurrentAgenda_ID,  @CurrentSemester_ID,  1, NULL) AS IsCrossing  FROM  GenericAdministration.RegistrationStudentsOnScholarships rss  INNER JOIN Academy.Students s ON rss.Student_ID = s.Student_ID  LEFT JOIN GenericAdministration.Agenda a ON rss.Agenda_ID = a.Agenda_ID  LEFT JOIN Academy.Semesters sem ON rss.Semester_ID = sem.Semester_ID  LEFT JOIN Academy.DonationSpendingSponsors dss ON rss.DonationSpendingSponsor_ID = dss.DonationSpendingSponsor_ID  WHERE  ( Is_Canceled = 0  OR Is_Canceled IS NULL  )  AND dss.IsDeleted = 0  AND rss.Is_Deleted = 0  AND ( rss.RegistrationStudentOnScholarships_Id = @RegistrationStudentsOnScholarships_Id  OR @RegistrationStudentsOnScholarships_Id IS NULL  )  AND ( rss.[Student_ID] = @Student_ID  OR @Student_ID IS NULL  )  AND ( rss.[DonationSpendingSponsor_ID] = @DonationSpendingSponsor_ID  OR @DonationSpendingSponsor_ID IS NULL  )  AND ( rss.[Agenda_ID] = @Agenda_ID  OR @Agenda_ID IS NULL  )  AND ( rss.[Semester_ID] = @Semester_ID  OR @Semester_ID IS NULL  )  AND ( rss.[CreatedBy] = @CreatedBy  OR @CreatedBy IS NULL  )  AND ( rss.[CreationDate] = @CreationDate  OR @CreationDate IS NULL  )  AND ( rss.[UpdatedBy] = @UpdatedBy  OR @UpdatedBy IS NULL  )  AND ( rss.[UpdatedDate] = @UpdatedDate  OR @UpdatedDate IS NULL  )  AND ( s.Establishe_ID = @Establishe_ID  OR @Establishe_ID IS NULL  )  AND ( [Is_Canceled] = @Is_Canceled  OR @Is_Canceled IS NULL  )  AND ( [CanceledRegistrationStudentOnScholarships_ID] = @CanceledRegistrationStudentOnScholarships_ID  OR @CanceledRegistrationStudentOnScholarships_ID IS NULL  )  AND ( s.Name_Ar LIKE '%' + @studentName + '%'  OR s.Name_En LIKE '%' + @studentName  + '%'  OR @studentName IS NULL  OR @studentName LIKE ''  )  AND ( s.AcademicNumber LIKE '%'  + @AcademicNumber + '%'  OR @AcademicNumber IS NULL  OR @AcademicNumber LIKE ''  )  ) AS RegistrationStudentsOnScholarshipsRows  WHERE  ( ( Row BETWEEN ( @startRowIndex )  AND  @startRowIndex + @pageSize - 1 )  OR @startRowIndex = -1  OR @pageSize = -1  )  END  ELSE  BEGIN  SELECT DISTINCT  *  FROM  ( SELECT  ROW_NUMBER() OVER ( ORDER BY rss.RegistrationStudentOnScholarships_Id ) AS Row ,  sem.Name_En AS SemestersName ,  s.Name_En AS StudentName ,  s.AcademicNumber AS AcademicNumber ,  ( CONVERT(NVARCHAR, a.CurentStudyYear) + '/'  + CONVERT(NVARCHAR, a.CurentStudyYear + 1) ) AS AgendaName ,  dss.Name_En AS SpendingName ,  rss.RegistrationStudentOnScholarships_Id ,  rss.Student_ID ,  rss.DonationSpendingSponsor_ID ,  rss.Agenda_ID ,  rss.Semester_ID ,  rss.Is_Deleted ,  a.CurentStudyYear ,  rss.FinancialPackagesApproval_ID ,  rss.SemesterNumber ,  s.Specialization_ID ,  s.Establishe_ID ,  s.IdentificationNo ,  Academy.CheckIfSchoolerShipIsCrossing(s.Student_ID,  @CurrentAgenda_ID,  @CurrentSemester_ID,  1, NULL) AS IsCrossing  FROM  GenericAdministration.RegistrationStudentsOnScholarships rss  INNER JOIN Academy.Students s ON rss.Student_ID = s.Student_ID  INNER JOIN GenericAdministration.Agenda a ON rss.Agenda_ID = a.Agenda_ID  INNER JOIN Academy.Semesters sem ON rss.Semester_ID = sem.Semester_ID  INNER JOIN Academy.DonationSpendingSponsors dss ON rss.DonationSpendingSponsor_ID = dss.DonationSpendingSponsor_ID  WHERE  ( Is_Canceled = 0  OR Is_Canceled IS NULL  )  AND dss.IsDeleted = 0  AND rss.Is_Deleted = 0  AND ( rss.RegistrationStudentOnScholarships_Id = @RegistrationStudentsOnScholarships_Id  OR @RegistrationStudentsOnScholarships_Id IS NULL  )  AND ( rss.[Student_ID] = @Student_ID  OR @Student_ID IS NULL  )  AND ( rss.[DonationSpendingSponsor_ID] = @DonationSpendingSponsor_ID  OR @DonationSpendingSponsor_ID IS NULL  )  AND ( rss.[Agenda_ID] = @Agenda_ID  OR @Agenda_ID IS NULL  )  AND ( rss.[Semester_ID] = @Semester_ID  OR @Semester_ID IS NULL  )  AND ( rss.[CreatedBy] = @CreatedBy  OR @CreatedBy IS NULL  )  AND ( rss.[CreationDate] = @CreationDate  OR @CreationDate IS NULL  )  AND ( rss.[UpdatedBy] = @UpdatedBy  OR @UpdatedBy IS NULL  )  AND ( rss.[UpdatedDate] = @UpdatedDate  OR @UpdatedDate IS NULL  )  AND ( s.Establishe_ID = @Establishe_ID  OR @Establishe_ID IS NULL  )  AND ( [Is_Canceled] = @Is_Canceled  OR @Is_Canceled IS NULL  )  AND ( [CanceledRegistrationStudentOnScholarships_ID] = @CanceledRegistrationStudentOnScholarships_ID  OR @CanceledRegistrationStudentOnScholarships_ID IS NULL  )  AND ( s.Name_Ar LIKE '%' + @studentName + '%'  OR s.Name_En LIKE '%' + @studentName  + '%'  OR @studentName IS NULL  OR @studentName LIKE ''  )  AND ( s.AcademicNumber LIKE '%'  + @AcademicNumber + '%'  OR @AcademicNumber IS NULL  OR @AcademicNumber LIKE ''  )  ) AS RegistrationStudentsOnScholarshipsRows  WHERE  ( ( Row BETWEEN ( @startRowIndex )  AND  @startRowIndex + @pageSize - 1 )  OR @startRowIndex = -1  OR @pageSize = -1  )  ENDGO
I have a room that's about 10ft x 10ft with the TV on east side of the room and my router is in the room adjacent to mine on the other side of the west wall. If that's too hard to visualize, the chromecast and router are separated by about 10ft through one wall and through the TV itself.I'm using an older Dell XPS 15 L502X (i5 2410M) and when I can get a decent signal, it works great. On the idle screen the reception would mostly stay at one bar and would occasionally go up to two wifi bars.I tried tab streaming South Park from the official site using the computer (by casting a tab with the chrome extension) and the video quality was there, but it would drop the connection after about 5 minutes. I need to revisit my router settings (I'm using a Belkin N300 with TomatoUSB, on only G with N disabled) since I might be on 40MHz which may be causing the bad reception. Other devices in the house can get reliable reception up to about ~30 feet, and this is through multiple walls so I know it's something to do with the device itself (or an incompatible router setting).Setup was very easy through the iOS app, no complaints there. I had the option to set it up through the computer but my phone was more convenient. I briefly tried the Netflix app to stream from my iPhone but it just got stuck on the spinner icon.Only other thing I can say is that maybe the HDMI extender should be a little longer so it can possibly clear the TV, though I'm not sure that would do much for the reception anyway.The USB Cable is an OK length (not sure exactly how long) and it works for me because there is an Xbox 360 nearby for its USB ports. I could see how this can be a problem for other users without a USB port on their TV and they'd probably need an extension cord with the AC adapter.Great value here, but I'm hoping for an update to fix the wifi issues sometime soon. Will update my review later on if they do decide to update or if I'm able to fix the problem myself.UPDATE: I changed my router from Auto G/N (I previosuly thought it was on G only) switching to just G and at the same time set the bandwidth from 40MHz to 20MHz and now the device gets a full signal. The 40MHz setting was probably at fault but I thought I remembered reading it doesn't work too well with N anyway. I've bumped up the stars from 3 to 4, but not 5 because of some weird issues I've been getting (but it's in Beta after all). I played a youtube video in Chrome on my PC and used the Chromecast button inside the youtube player (instead of the extension button next to the address bar) and the video got stuck looping on my TV. I would try to play a different video and the new title would display but would eventually switch back to the looping video after a few seconds. Removing the power cord didn't fix it. I can't remember my exact steps but I ended up using my iPad mini to take over the Chromecast and play something else.I'm also surprised to see that my mid 2009 MacBook Pro can only handle 480p video tab streaming and still sometimes stutters for a fraction of a second whereas my 2010 Dell XPS-15 dual core i5 (base model) can stream everything fine.
I mostly purchased the chromecast out of curiosity since between my smart TV and WD HD box I can pretty much already do what the chromecast offers, and for $35 I had little reservations in doing so.  So after using it a bit I've found that this is the absolute best way to watch youtube videos on your HD TV.  Being able to search for videos on your phone and then "cast" them to the TV is far, far, far easier than trying to use a remote control to type in what your searching for and then scrolling through your options.  When I ordered this I couldn't imagine even using it for youtube videos but now that I have it I'm regularly finding myself browsing through videos and watching them in amazing quality on my TV.I am able to get to Netflix in three different ways now but I keep going to the chromecast for it.  This is mostly for the simple reason that it's just kind of more fun controlling it from my phone and I like the "second screen" experience that you get.  I've also found that I get the quickest navigation because again, searching is much easier, and because navigating their mobile site is super quick whereas the interfaces on my TV app and WD HD box can lag a little bit.That's about the long and short of it right now since the ability to cast from a tab on your chrome browser is still in beta.  It works fine enough if you just want to get a static webpage up on your TV screen, but there definitely is a bit of a lag, and if you try to play any video it isn't great quality and lags/skips.  Having said that though, that is an aspect that they're still working on and it could improve with updates.  I'm already extremely please with my chromecast but once they improve tab casting and adding more services (HBO Go!), this will reach the levels of greatness it is capable of.
I bought this device thinking it is going to be able to stream Netflix BY ITSELF. This was going to be a gamechanger and put Roku out of business. But no, all this device does is to allow you to use ANOTHER DEVICE to beam the Netflix audio/video to the Chromecast device that is connected to your TV via the HDMI port. Yes, it is semi-useful as a way to stream Netflix using your laptop or your phone (iPhone, Android) but that means you need something else to be able to stream Netflix (a laptop, iPhone, or Android device). So this Chromecast does NOT replace your Roku box because your Roku box can stream Netflix all by itself without requiring any other device.Furthermore, I was hoping Chromecast would allow me to stream my music from my Samsung Galaxy S4 to the TV. Seems lie it should be able to stream anything from my phone to the TV, right? NOPE, it doesn't do that either. It only works with Google Music AND you must store all your music in the Google cloud for you to stream it.  Apparently Chromecast cannot just stream the media files stored on your phone to your TV. BUMMER!I am sorely disappointed in this device. I was going to buy one for every single TV in the house, thinking I can make them all Netflix-capable. NOT!If you have any Netflix device already such as Roku box, an Internet-enabled TV, a Blue-ray player with Internet capability, or any other Netflix device, then you would not need to use this. I can't see myself using my Samsung S4 to stream Netflix from my phone to the TV. That would mean that my phone has to be doing the streaming itself the entire length of the movie, sucking up valuable battery from the phone. I guess if you have no Netflix device at home and you do not have a laptop with the Intel Wireless Display capability, then this Chromecast would be useful for you. But watch out for that battery drain if you use your phone to stream Netflix to the TV.Even if you use your laptop, you cannot stream music from your laptop to the Chromecast. The only thing you can stream to Chromecast is something that can be displayed in Google Chrome. HA! So much for my wanting to stream my audio/video files on the laptop to the Chromecast.By comparison, if you have the Intel Wireless Display capability on your laptop (it's easy to get it even if your laptop currently doesn't have it--just buy a new replacement half-height Wifi card for your laptop like the Intel Network 6235AN.HMWWB Centrino WiFi Card Advanced-N 6235 Dual Band Bluetooth Retail), you can buy something like the Netgear PUSH2TV HD PTV2000 1080P Adapter for Wireless Display and it would allow you to stream ANYTHING from your laptop wirelessly to your TV. If I have to use my laptop to stream Netflix, then I'd rather spend another $10 box to get the Netgear device so I can stream ALL my media to my TV. This Chromecast cannot compete with the Netgear in that department.Google, if you are reading this, take notes. Put some software and a user-interface on the Chromecast so that it CAN go online by itself and stream Netflix, Hulu, etc., BY ITSELF. It doesn't take much to have a basic user-interface.  The device is already on Wifi so there's no reason it can't go surf the Web on its own. And please allow us to be able to stream whatever audio/video streams from our device to the Chromecast. Do that and you will have a real useful product.Until Chromecast can fetch its own Netflix, this device has very limited usefulness for me.
Chromecast is such a great idea......except when it falls in the hands of a control freak that controls everything but their design and quality. Google is basically using us as guinea pigs for product research and market research while having us finance that research.I was debating if it should be a 1 or 2 star review. I think I would have preferred 1.5 stars, since it's not totally useless.1. Netflix and youtube work: Surprise, something actually works. It doesn't work all that well. Half of the time, my android netflix doesn't even have cast enabled. It actually works better on the iphone. Youtube is in the same boat, but in slightly worse shape. It's difficult to use in android and in ios. And again, on the adroid, it doesn't get "Cast" half of the time.2. Setup.....the worst designed setup procedure of anything I have ever purchased. I swear that even my made in china treadmill with god knows what manual was easier to set up. If you have more than 1 wireless router in your house, you may be screwed. If you are able to, turn them all off except for one. Hopefully you can get it within the range of the chromecast dongle and whatever the device you use to set it up......and no, setup only works from chrome.3. Streaming from chrome......it also works but at lower resolution and it freezes and crashes all the time. Think first gen android.4. Stonewalling developers...that's why when someone comes up with an app to support local content streaming that just about everyone wants, Google goes and breaks it. The worst of all, they flat out lie about it. Google, how dumb do you think we are? We know you want the control, just admit it.5. I don't know how long it's going to last, but it runs very hot. I don't think it knows when and how to turn itself off. Even if your TV is off, this thing is still cranking out heat. I probably is too small to affect your electricity bill, but it can't last too long with the kind of careless design that constantly running at a high temperature even when it's not supposedly in use.All in all, it's a poor man's roku box that just doesn't work too well. If you got it for 11 bucks, you might as well keep it. If you paid $35, I feel for you. We got ripped off.
I see more than one thousand reviews are here. Let me keep this simple. I don't have a netflix account neither i use google video&music.; I watch some youtubes but those are short clips. I do watch amazon prime videos but no chromecast apps are available for that. Still, as you know, these is a way though.When you set up your chromecast, wifi connection is required even if you are using the wired lan cable. Here is the point.WIFI IS NOT REQUIRED AFTER THE INITIAL SETUP.The reason casting your chrome browser lags is this. When casting youtube, it's pretty much the dongle that is doing most of the job. That's why it works great. However, when you casting your browser, two way traffics are going on. That's why it lags. Most wireless connections are slower than wired lan. Well some hi-tech wireless would certainly beat wired but that's not for many of us. Then, if we can make at least one way faster, we can assume that casting with your browser would be much better.(I assume you know how to do it. 1)Get the chrome browser for PC 2) download the extension named as google cast 3) put folder's path on the browser 4) browse and run the file 5) click the extension on the right top and cast 6)if you are just casting the screen of your chrome then you don't need 3)and4))Okay, once I set up, I took off my wifi usb adapter for my desktop and connect it with lan cable. Nothing fancy, just a simple cat5e cable. Do I have an expensive router? No way. Mine is refurbished Cisco Valet M20. Got it less than $20.My computer is a bit high-tech. But I assume it doesn't matter since my laptop returned the same result.The difference is huge. With two-way WIFI, I can't even make it with high 720p option on the chrome browser. The amazon video lags so bad that I had to set it to 480p. Playing local video files was worse. I played 2 gb 720p mkv file just FYI.With wired and WIFI, it works great. I would say it's 90% perfect. With wired cable, I can set it to extreme 720p and it still works great. NO lags whatsoever. amazon prime videos or local media files. Since I don't have 1080p files in my HDD, I couldn't test it. However, 720p mkv file worked just great. This means ANY STREAMING on your PC chrome will cast to your tv with the dongle without lagging. hulu, hbo, vemeo.. you just name it.I know the chromcast app on your PC will still ask for wifi connection. However, it works without it as long as you are connected to the same router.Well, hope this helps for those non-netflix users but still thinking about buying this.
I am absolutely, unabashedly in love with this little gadget. I've played around with streaming devices of various types, including the usual suspects of SmartTVs, AppleTV, Rokus, the Xbox360 and more traditional HTPCs. And for me, the Chromecast is far and away the ideal means of implementing the core abstraction of "Use TV to display content". I know you can read this caveat in any of the thousands of other reviews, but I'll say it again here; this is -not- just a cheaper version of an AppleTV, or a Roku. It is not optimized for streaming local content (though it is possible). It is not capable of displaying content from any source. It is not even a finished product; the software is still under development, so don't expect the Apple polish and shine. If you are expecting any of these qualities, you WILL BE DISAPPOINTED.But, if you forget about all of that, what you get is a supreme interface for using the devices you already own (your iPad, your smart phone, your laptop) to transfer media (specifically, Netflix and Youtube) to a larger screen, effortlessly.SURE, BUT WHY IS IT BETTER THAN OTHER STREAMING DEVICES?If you've used any other TV media devices before, you know how much the interfaces suck. Frequently, they are constrained by the requirement of an input device (usually a remote with a handful of buttons, or a controller for a game console). Searching is reduced to using a directional pad to painfully select each key from a keyboard, or a tiny keyboard on the back of the remote itself. Remotes work just fine for channel-based TV, where all you need are rockers to surf. But when dealing with internet based content, searching and interaction becomes so much more crucial, and the transition to that kind of paradigm, without the appropriate shift in input devices, yields a profoundly frustrating user experience. The genius of the Chromecast is that it doesn't try to reinvent the user interface, or the input device. Instead, you use the same interfaces you're used to, that have been developed and optimized for this kind of media; the websites themselves if you're using your laptop, or the various apps on a phone/tablet. Once you've selected your media on one of these devices, the Chromecast takes your selection and broadcasts it to the screen. No booting up SmartTV apps, no syncing input device and streaming device. It detects what you're trying to view, boots up the appropriate software, and begins streaming the content. It really is a thing of beauty. And on top of that, once the streaming begins, your device is free. It's not doing the work of streaming; just pointing the Chromecast at the target media, and letting it run. So no battery drain and no 'lockdown' of the device.This is the epitome of good user interface design. Clean, pure and simple. No menus to navigate, no apps to load. The software is doing all of the work for you, and I truly hope that this is where the future of 'The Screen' is headed; use any device to select media and display it on any screen with zero effort.
I guess I should have payed closer attention to the capabilites of this little dongle when I bought it....My HOPE was that anything and everthing on my cellphone, an HTC One, ....INCLUDING mirroring of the phone, would whiz wirelessy thru my home wi-fi network to my big, beautiful 50" plasma TV screen. As of today, the Chromecast cannot do this. Perhaps it's coming in the near future, let's hope.As it is, it does a decent job of streaming the lone 4 apps that it advertises on the box that will stream to your TV.... netflix and youtube worked well, although I'm not entirely sold the audio quality and video quality is quite on par with my blu-ray player..., it is also  supposed to stream googleplay music, but I think the music has to reside in the cloud , like a google account or something....This is a bummer, as I haven't fully jumped into the move to the cloud as of yet....so a big chunck of my 15 gigabytes of uncompressed music files are on my cellphone, and the Chromecast will not stream them from phone to TV.... nor all my personal pics, vidoes and assorted other media.This inability to stream local media..on your phone, on your pc (without using the Chrome browser + extentions,etc) is by far such a large drawback that I'm actually thinking of returning it, and perhaps buy it at a later time when it does have the functionality, or, keep it since it is so inexpensive, and try the HTC Media Hub, which DOES wirelessly send all your phone media and even mirror exactly what you see on your phone to the TV , with no hoops to jump through or caveats.These days, most people with a TV new enough to include HDMI ports, very likely ALREADY have the means to stream Netflix and Youtube and other web content with the TV's built in internet apps software.....what would REALLY put the Chromecast over the top for me, is 100% seamless streaming of anything and everything on my HTC One mobile phone, including mirroring I mentioned earlier....Maybe that day is not too far down the road , the way technology is going.........
I've been using Chromecast for a couple of weeks now with mixed results. For example, "casting" a web page containing video of our pastor's sermon from a week ago resulted in stuttering video and audio and dropped "casts" so many times today that we gave up and just watched it on the laptop.On the other hand, using the Chromecast button to watch TV episodes via Netflix and miscellaneous videos via YouTube has been quite successful. So we're still making up our minds whether this gadget will have a permanent place in our TV watching.We also will need to have our Harmony remote reprogrammed so we can quickly navigate to HDMI 2. Right now that involves switching to the "laptop/PC" preprogrammed setting on the Harmony, then finding the separate TV remote in order to select HDMI 2. So for us, being technologically un-savvy when it comes to Harmony programming, that will be an extra expense, since it's annoying to keep that separate TV remote around.It's kind of annoying to have a separate power cord hanging down the front of our entertainment center. There's no way to move the entertainment center away from the wall to slip the cord behind (the thing weighs several hundred pounds). I know, small potatoes when it comes to complaints! Overall, for $35, it seems like a good value for the money, as long as we keep the Netflix membership.Speaking of Netflix membership, I was under the impression when I ordered the Chromecast that it came with 3 months of free Netflix membership. I was supposed to get a confirmation email along with the "your order has shipped!" email. It never came. So I called Amazon.com today and, after 35 minutes on the phone with a customer service rep, was informed that I had missed the deadline for that promotion by four days. Yet it was still being advertised in various places long after. Irritating, but my own fault for not reading the fine print. Buyer beware!UPDATE: I brought my Chromecast to a Hilton hotel in Denver, CO, and plugged it into the back of the LG TV in HDMI 1. I then spent half an hour on the phone with the hotel chain's Internet tech support, trying to get the Chromecast and my laptop to recognize each other. But because you have to jump through some hoops when you log on to the hotel's wi-fi, and those hoops can't be jumped through by the Chromecast, there was no way to get the Chromecast and the laptop to be on the same wavelength, so to speak. We got them both online, but one couldn't see the other because tech support had to manually get the Chromecast online using its MAC ID (which has nothing to do with being on either a MAC or a PC, I found out). So don't expect to use your Chromecast in hotel TVs, unless you're using a wi-fi network that demands absolutely nothing in the way of a browser login.
The device was able to be setup and active within a few minutes, I was unsure how easy it would be since it has no interface to connect to secure wifi.  Instead I just plugged it in, went to the google link as directed, typed in my wifi password and moments later I was chromecasting.  I docked a star off because it hasn't been as nifty as presented, no issues with netflix which has been clearly supported and developed from the start.  My issue was chromecasting browser stream, for instance watching a tv episode on hulu was failing to stream correctly or at all in full screen.  It would somewhat work in windowed mode but I could just use a hdmi cable to the computer if I wanted that.  There is potential as they tweak and improve the device though so maybe it will be updated and fixed (either driver or browser issue improvements) to get a 5 star bump.I will say that if you just want an easy way to watch netflix on a non "smart" hdtv this is a fantastic method.  The pricetag is nice and the setup couldn't be any more simple, the marketing has somewhat hidden the fact that it uses usb power though so be mindful of that.  All images tend to just be of the dongle without power cable attached, it can pull power from a tv usb port or if your model is older simply use the included wall power adapter, the usb power cable is moderately long so it shouldn't be an issue.  The instructions recommend using wall power though I have only used the tv usb port (which is fine).  I am guessing this recommendation for wall power is because usb power has the potential to vary for instance a laptop with many power pulling devices might not have enough "juice' to properly power another device.Note: another perk of the device is you can get multiple chromecasts for different rooms/tvs and label them to what they are.  Hijacking can happen though, I used it to interrupt my fiance streaming netflix with a youtube love song because I started a second chromecast on a different computer ;)Summary:it's cheap, simple to use and works with pretty much any tablet,phone,laptop or desktop.  As long as they have an app IOS or Android or google chrome they should work.  You just click a button on chrome and it shoots over to the screen.
I am not sure what is wrong, but the TV no longer recognizes the Chromecast.  The light on the Chromecast was red, I reset and now it is white or flashing white (yes, it is plugged in). I tried rebooting and no luck, still is not playing on the TV.  The laptop thought it was playing - so it is between the chromecast and the TV or router.  If you have a problem you will be hard pressed to find answers online.  It seems pretty simple, "What does the color of the light signify?"  I can't find anything but a Google chat page telling you to go to Chrome help which if you go is not very helpful.I will say when it worked it was great, if limited in it's use.  I wanted it to stream Netflix on an extra TV, so for that is was good.  It looks as if this will be going back for a refund.******I wanted to update my review as after much research and blogs and phone calls finally figured out what my problem was.  It was not the Chromecast, it was my TV.  I had been to the Google help page but never got to the customer care numbers, speaking to the representative helped me eliminate things - he didn't have the answer but it helped knowing what it wasn't.  It was my HDMI input settings, I ran across a few lines on a Sony Bravia update page about how after updating you should always reset the HDMI input ports, which was simple, just uplug all ports then uplug tv - wait one minute and restart - turn on and then replug in the devices and it worked!  I am not even use anyone knows you can reset those or even need to, I reset the Chromecase, reset the TV to factory settings and was about to try one last thing a software update when I noticed that little blurb about the HDMI settings.I changed it to 4 stars as it is still rather limited in its uses so not perfect but it does work great for Netflix.
Chromecast casts most youtube videos I tried fine, except my own, for some unknown reason.And they happen to matter most to me.They are jittery, and experience obvious buffering issues.It does not appear to be related to resolution, since I tried different ones.But the biggest disappointment has been Google's support, which is done by email.There appear to be live people, but all they do is copy-paste canned responses, not reading the question.They claim obvious noncense, such as "At this time, YouTube on Chromecast does not support casting of private videos" - I got that replied to me twice, "We currently do not support casting from embedded YouTube players" - contrary to what they claim on their own Support page.It's been back-and-forth several times with me trying to get them to simply read the question, to no avail.I also sent them specific links to try.If anyone from Google happens to read this review, here's the support number, go read it: [9-6745000001756]And, here's the exchange for your convenience:chromecast-support@google.com <chromecast-support@google.com> Fri, Sep 27, 2013 at 9:34 PMHello David,Thank you for contacting us.If your are casting from a Google chrome browser You should be able to cast anyvideos from you tube.Make sure you are on the tab you want to project to your TV.Press the Cast button in the Chrome toolbar (top right hand area) of your browser.A list of available Chromecast devices will appear on your TV. Pick any device to cast the current tab to thisdevice.After a very brief load time, the current tab should appear on your TV!You can also change the chrome quality by right clicking on the extension and clicking on options.here is the linkto get to the chrome extensions:[...]We currently do not support casting from embedded YouTube players. Advise the customer to cast from theChrome tab instead.Thanks,The Google TeamOn 09/26/13 21:32:54 xxxx wrote:I've already received the same copy-pasted answer! Could you read the question please...On Thu, Sep 26, 2013 at 4:23 AM, <chromecast-support@google.com> wrote:Hello David,Sorry you're still having issues, my name is Courtney and I'll be more than happy to help. I've done someresearch but at this time, YouTube on Chromecast does not support casting of private videos, YouTube livestreaming videos, or videos from paid channels. A simple workaround to this is to use the Google Castextension in a Chrome browser rather than the Cast button in the youtube.com player or YouTube app. Youmay get a warning message that says “Cast-enabled page; use controls in the page for an optimalexperience. Learn more," but just ignore it in this instance.Thanks,CourtneyGoogle Play Support Team9/27/13 Gmail - RE: [9-6745000001756] Chromecast technical questionOn 09/25/13 20:15:41 ... wrote:Could you please explain what "private" video means. I thought all videos are private.Anyway, I tried some random videos from different people, same resolution, and most of them show fine,private or not.Mine however don't play.Casting from Chrome browser made it even worse.Could you please check again why.Also, is the explanation you give documented anywhere online, because I could not see that.On Wed, Sep 25, 2013 at 3:35 AM, <chromecast-support@google.com> wrote:Hello David,Thank you for contacting Google Play Support! My name is Charlese and I am more than happy to beassisting you with the issue you are having with your Chromecast device while Marcus is out of theoffice. I've reviewed your case and I see that you are having some troubles casting your own videos fromYouTube.At this time, YouTube on Chromecast does not support casting of private videos, YouTube livestreaming videos, or videos from paid channels. A simple workaround to this is to use the Google Castextension in a Chrome browser rather than the Cast button in the youtube.com player or YouTube app.You may get a warning message that says “Cast-enabled page; use controls in the page for an optimalexperience. Learn more," but just ignore it in this instance.If you have any other questions please feel free to reply directly to this email or follow the link below forfurther assistance:[...]Thank you,CharleseThe Google Play Support Team
I'm giving the Google Chromecast two stars because it really is a good device that works exactly as advertised but it doesn't support enough streaming media apps to really be useful.  Buyers should understand that if all they want is to stream YouTube or Netflix from their iPad to their TV, this thing is great.  It's inexpensive, easy to set up and it works just fine.  The problem is, that's all it does.  It streams media from YouTube, Netflix, and music and video from Google Play.  You can also pop up web pages from your PC, but not from your Android or iOS device.  What you can't do is stream video through Chrome, which seems odd.Something really promising about this device is that it lets you use your smart phone or tablet as your remote.  That's an amazing feature and it works really well; almost flawlessly.  Some of the negative reviews complained about that, but it's a really cool feature and other devices could take a page from Google's book on this kind of integration.  If this thing supported just one more app, I'd be tempted to give it 4 or even 5 stars, but with it's current limitations I just can't do it.Google promises that more apps are coming, but which ones?  If this device supported the TWC app or HBOGo, I might have kept it. If it could stream music or video from Windows Media Player, I might have kept it.  The bottom line is, what I really want is a Roku box and what I should have done was shelled out the extra coin to get what I was looking for rather than hoping for a less expensive solution.Don't get me wrong, one day this little gizmo is going to give Roku a run for their money.  Unfortunately, that day is not today so I'm sending mine back and I'll invest my pennies in a more full featured device.
Disclaimer - I'm a techie guy.I saw the early reports of the "Chrome" device and started salivating.  Then I read a bit more, understood the basic model/features/limitations.  Less salivatory, but still neat.The device plugs into a standard TV HDMI port and uses your local wi-fi network to stream video directly from the source.The device does require a separate power supply (standard USB power), which can be pulled from an existing power cube or from the small powersupply included in the box.  There is also a short (5-inch?) HDMI extension cable that can be used to connect to hard-to-reach TV ports (and this connector acts as a small antennae for wifi - according to the docs).You initially plug the device into your TV's HDMI port, provide power, and voila - it starts broadcasting its own little mini-WAP (wireless network).  You use your tablet to temporarily connect to that mini-network, configure the device, let it know how to attach to your regular Wifi (userid/pw) - and whoosh - you are now ChromeCasting.Instead of using a remote-control (there is none), you use your handy Android or iOS (Apple) tablet or phone device.  You can play from any mobile (or desktop via Chrome browser) device on the wifi network.  The HDMI connector is "smart" and when you start playing to Chromecast - it will tell your TV that there is new content streaming - so your "smart" TV should autoselect the Chromecast source.  (Nifty!)Here's the catch - the mobile application (running on your tablet or phone) must be written to support the Chromecast video streaming.While Apple build their iOS operating system to support their proprietary "AirPlay" - Google's Android can support its version of "ChromeCast" and other mobile apps can build in specific support for Chromecast.That's kind of limiting right now.  Basically an iOS device can run Chrome, Youtube, or Netflix viewing apps - and send data to the large-screen Chromecast is connected to.  Nifty but limited.Hopefully other apps (Amazon PRIME VIdeo??) will add this functionality - soon.  (Amazon's iOS PRIME video player still does not handle Apple's AirPlay either...  So more growth potential on both fronts.)JDMc
The Google Chromecast is simple and brilliant. It's one of those perfect little "duh! Why didn't someone do that before?" ideas.I didn't realize I needed one until I realized that I've been chasing the idea for years. In fact, I put together a poor man's "AirPlay Raspberry Pi" Chromecast last year. By plugging my Raspberry Pi running RaspBMC into my Receiver and using it just for Airplay, I was effectively using it as a Chromecast.You can agree or disagree in the comments, but here's their idea - most of us don't need set-top boxes. The world's big technology companies clearly want to control the largest screen in the house. So far, that's the TV (if you own one.) If TVs go away, it'll be the largest monitor in the house. What's the best way to control this screen?You can get a PS3 or an Xbox. (I have both.)You can get a TiVo. (check.)You can get an Apple TV. (I did the XBMC Airplay thing instead.)But each of these devices is a darn-near full computer with an OS, and storage, and a life and ecosystem of its own. What we really want is to use our TVs as wireless displays and use the power of our phones, tablets, and computers. Until one of the world's wireless display formats is finally declared the winner, they'll keep making set-top boxes portable computers to connect to our TVs.We could wait for $1000 receivers to include Wireless Display functionality, or build it into HDTVs. No! Let's make a $35 dongle that capitalizes on the fact that HDMI has finally won. It'll plug into any monitor and we suddenly that HDMI connection is available over wireless. It's open, in fact, to anyone who is on the network.You just plug the Chromecast into any free HDMI port and get power via micro-USB. Many TVs have a USB port that can provide this power. I used the always-on USB port from my TiVo as it was open.The Chromecast contains the Marvell 88DE3005 system on a chip. This integrated circuit includes hardware decoding of VP8 and H.264 codecs. Radio communication is handled by AzureWave NH-387 Wi-Fi which supports 802.11b/g/n (2.4 GHz). The device has 512 MB of Micron DDR3L RAM and 2 GB of flash storage. - WikipediaWhen you plug the Chromecast into your TV you'll connect to its initial ad-hoc wireless network and teach it about your wireless network. Then it'll reboot and jump sideways onto your network and most of your config work is done. The only way to change the Chromecast at this point is to hard reset it. The wireless setup process is very similar to other embedded wireless devices like the Nest Thermostat, FitBit Aria Scale, or Twine Wi-Fi device - connect to ad-hoc, setup locally, jump. It took all of 2 minutes.Ready to castHere's my Chromecast plugged into my Onkyo TX-SR674 Receiver's front HDMI port.The Chromecast in my ReceieverMake sure your phone's YouTube and Netflix apps are updated. They all got Chromecast support automatically last month.From inside the Google Chrome browser you add the Google Cast extension that lets you play content from within Chrome to the Chromecast. You can cast a browser tab to the screen and show a friend what you're browsing, which is actually very cool and useful...when it works. More on that in a second.THE GOODWhen it works, it's fabulous. For example, at a recent party someone mentioned a funny YouTube video. Within 30 seconds I had it up on my iPhone, then threw it to the Chromecast. That's exactly how it should work, right?YouTube Casting Netflix ChromecastingI've thrown video to the Chromecast from all my iDevices in both the Netflix and YouTube apps. There is a hand-off and then, interestingly, the Chromecast takes over the stream. Rather than the phone or tablet pulling the content down then pushing it again laterally to the Chromecast, there's a little YouTube applet or NetFlix applet running on the Chromecast. The Chromecast inherits or hijacks the stream. All of this is transparent to the user, of course, but it's a clever implementation which allows you to close the app and do other things with your phone.Each app looks a little different. The YouTube iPhone app shows Views, avatars, and the date when pushed to the Chromecast.YouTube on a ChromecastBeing able to use your Tablet as a remote is great. Myself, I get this functionality in three totally different ways across my devices, but the result is the same - tablets are good remotes. I have the Tivo App on my iPad, I have the Xbox Smartglass app on my iPad and Surface, and I have the YouTube and Netflix apps on my iPad talking to the Chromecast.HDMI-CEC is the ability for the Chromecast to automatically tell my receiver to switch to the right HDMI input when content starts playing. It would be amazing if my receiver supported it. If your system has HDMI-CEC the Chromecast will set your inputs for you and remove a step which has a high WAF (Wife Acceptance Factor or Non-Gender-Specific Spouse Acceptance Factor).THE BADMy computers just can't see the Chromecast anymore. They could last week. This is extremely odd considering we are all on the same wireless network and that the phones and tablets work reliably. You'll find the forums filled with people fighting with this issue. They're having to disable firewalls on MacBooks and turn off IGMP Proxies on FIOs Routers. I've done all that and while on the first day my first laptop was able to cast its Chrome Tabs to the TV, a few days later either Chrome or the Chromecast auto-updated itself and now it's just dead.No cast devices foundNo matter, for $35 it's a great device. It works as advertised on both iPhone, iPad and Android, although the settings for casting from iPhones are a little inconsistent and hard to find in Netflix and YouTube. The Chromecast troubleshooting should be more polished (today it's just a link to a FAQ, with no diagnostics) but since Chrome and the Chromecast both appear to be updating quite often, we should see improvements soon. If I had paid $80 or more, I would be more frustrated with my inability to use the device from my desktop and laptops, but the tablets and phones have been rock solid.I'd love to see the Chromecast become a more generic wireless receiver and be extended to support Apple's Airplay, as well as Miracast which is now built into Windows 8.1, and WiDi that Intel supports (although Wi-Di also supports Miracast as of WiDi 3.5). Unfortunately though, here we are again with FOUR companies each betting on a format to win while the consumer is left to pick a horse.Which wireless display format will become Bluray and which will become HD-DVD? It's anyone's guess. I'd like to see an open format win. However, for now, and for only $35, I'm happy with the Chromecast.The Chromecast is basically an impulse purchase that just happens to be the simplest, cheapest, and best solution for getting a browser window on your TV. Everything else, including the potential for app support, is secondary -- Google has a lot of work to do catching up to Apple and AirPlay on that front, and those deals aren't easy. It took Apple years to get HBO to add AirPlay support to HBO Go on the iPad, for example. History suggests that counting on Google to convince content companies to add Chromecast support to their apps is a foolish bet. And if all you want is Netflix, spend $50 on a Roku -- it's better all the way around.But if you're the type who routinely watches things on a laptop and just wants an easier, cleaner way to get those things on a TV, the Chromecast is a no-brainer. Think of it as a wireless display cable for your laptop and you'll get the potential immediately -- there's a reason all these companies have been trying to put a browser on TV for the past 15 years. I have no idea if Google can build the Chromecast ecosystem into something rivals AirPlay, but for $35 I'll be too busy sending tabs from Chrome to really even care.
The synopsis:It at least works most of the time, and I basically got what I paid for - a $35 piece of plastic that plugs into a port on my TV and lets me send YouTube videos to it.The good (praises):* Setup was easy.  Plugged into my TV, and was pretty much painless to setup with an Android smartphone.* Getting the device to play YouTube videos and Play Music audio is straightforward and pretty simple to figure out.The bad (condemnations):* YouTube playback is awful.  Not only that, it's *inconistently* awful.  It's one thing when every single video experiences stuttering, but in this case, it seems like some videos play great and others - for no explicable reason whatsoever - mysteriously start stuttering.  It doesn't help that there's no easy way to install YouTube Center (or some equivalent) on this thing to disable YouTube's poorly-implemented DASH functionality; thus, it's not possible to pause the video and wait for it to buffer.  Thanks, Google!*** As an addendum to the above, VEVO's ads play without any issue whatsoever.  Y'all know that meme image that shows a massive datacenter for YouTube ads and an old 80386 desktop for the YouTube videos?  Yeah, the truth in that joke is more prevalent than anyone could possibly imagine...* When using the Play Music app, playback works fine when connecting to the Chromecast first, *then* playing a song.  Switch this around, and the Play Music app crashes upon trying to connect to the Chromecast.  This is probably a limitation of the Play Music app, however.The ugly (nitpicks):* The reconfiguration portion of the Chromecast app (i.e. for changing network details / device name, viewing license info, etc.) doesn't respond to touches half the time, making it a nightmare to reconfigure the device.* Zero Firefox support is lame, but at least I went in expecting this.  At least it's not too hard to launch a Chrome session if I want to send web pages to the thing.* Zero ability to change the backgrounds on the "Ready to Cast" screen.  Not *that* big of a deal, but I hope Google implements this in the future; I'd much prefer to have some of my own photos on there.* Zero ability to stream arbitrary files/streams, i.e. from one's local device.  I suppose I'll have to wait for a suitable app (and hope that said app doesn't get removed.  Thanks, Google!).The conclusion:* You get what you pay for.  If you want something more capable, I reckon you'd be better off with one of those full-Android plug computers.* My four-year-old niece could probably throw together a more competently-designed ARM-based Linux and stick it onto a Raspberry Pi, and it would only cost $20 or so more to do, SD card / HDMI cable / USB cable / USB-to-mains adapter inclusive.  The hardware's great, but Google really dropped the ball on the software - which somehow doesn't surprise me, come to think of it, now that I recall the various services that have gone to crap lately (*coughcough*YouTube*cough*).* Given that the majority of the issues I've been running into are software-based, I hope to someday be able to edit this review and bump up the number of stars.  Until then, the 3-star rating is generous.
The device is great if you use Google products (movies from Google Play) and watch lots of YouTube. Otherwise it can be a disappointment.The Chromecast device streams wirelessly from your device to the TV. The downside is that if you have Amazon Prime the device is unusable unless you stream from a laptop or desktop. Using a laptop or desktop with Google Chrome browser you can stream anything to the TV but you lose clarity. I believe it streams at 720 vs full 1080.Chromecast I believe was designed to better monetize Google products. Example, to stream a movie, you can stream via Google Play vs. Amazon or other movie providers where it won't work on a mobile device. For me, I have a desktop with a TV a few feet away. I can "cast" via my Google browser. But if I go downstairs with my Xoom or iPad, then I'm stuck with YouTube or movies from Google Play, which I don't believe offer any freebies.Lastly, signal strength. The Roku has better signal strength. I tried both in a back bedroom with a weak WIFI signal. Chromecast cannot pick up the signal. The Roku can. As an FYI, the Chromecast works as follows --- when you click on a URL in say YouTube, Chromecast is sending the URL to your router and receiving the signal, thus the 1080 playback and better signal. When you click on a URL using the browser and a desktop then the call is made to the router but the video is streamed from desktop to TV, thus 720 playback.I understand why Google created this. I don't blame them. Just understand the limitations. It would be easy for this device to "cast" any URL but that defeats Google's purpose of monetizing their assets. Hopefully someone can come along and provide a low cost device that can stream content wirelessly from the Net.
I don't know of many households that doesn't already have at least one way to get Netflix or YouTube onto their television.  Between gaming consoles, Blu-Ray players, smart TV's, etc., most people can already watch these services from their couches.  And because of this, I only had one hope for the Chromecast, and that was to be able to watch internet video in a browser on the television.  With all of the network and cable channels posting shows you may have missed the night before, it seems like a great convenience to be able to do this.  Enter the Chromecast.How Do You Control Chromecast: There are many reviews as to how easy Chromecast is to set up, and it is! But what wasn't clear to me was how to control Chromecast.  I knew it could be controlled from your smartphone, but didn't realize it would make a difference which one.  I have an iPhone and iPad, both of which can control Chromecast.  Much to my disappointment, you can only broadcast Netflix and YouTube to your TV when using an iPhone / iPad product.  I know I purchased this solely to want browser video, but it would have been nice to get more than two apps (of which I have 5 other ways to already play on my TV).  If you have an Android phone, you can add Google Play to the list of apps.  Wow!  Very disappointing for two of the biggest smartphone platforms.  Oh, and neither will broadcast through an internet browser.That's where your laptop / desktop comes in.  I only have a PC running Windows 7, so I can't speak for Apple products.  But there is a plugin for Google Chrome to allow it to broadcast to the TV.  The key to this is that the PC / Laptop MUST be on your wireless network.  It will not work if your only connected to a wired network.  My PC is connected to my network via CAT 5 cable.  Fortunately I had an old wireless card laying around so I didn't have to invest any more money.The biggest problem with using a PC is that it is usually in the other room.  This means you have to run to that room every time you want to pause, FF, REW, etc.  So, the convenience of a laptop is better.My bottom line......Netflix, YouTube and Google Play are not even close to enough apps to premier this item.  And broadcasting Chrome only from a PC / Laptop is too limited.  I would have given this two stars for all this, but then you have to consider the $35 price tag.  That bumped it to 3 stars.Someday, this Chromecast can be amazing if Google gives it the support it needs.
I love google. I have a nexus 7, a nexus 4, and a chromebook; I use google drive for everything and since they released quick-office I have sworn off of owning a traditional windows PC ever again. I really, really, really wanted this to work (and expected it to). When they released this I thought it was too good to be true, and - in one very important area - it is. I couldn't connect the thing to my wireless network, which obviously renders it useless. I followed all of the troubleshooting recommendations, resent my router, tweaked the settings, tried connecting it repeatedly, and nothing.Now, I know that this is technology, and as someone who is tech-savvy, I understand that hiccups are to be expected; but something that I love about google devices (pure google devices - Nexus devices and chromebooks) is that THEY JUST WORK. I'm sure that if I had spent hours trying to correct this issue, I'd eventually have found a way to connect the chromecast and all would be well, but I expect better from google because they have provided me better. If I can connect a dozen devices to my wifi with no trouble at all, I should be able to connect this to it as well. I envisioned a plug, connect, and stream process that was seamless - or at least relatively seamless and painless. If my expectations had been met this would be a 5 star review and I'd have bought two more for every monitor in my home.As a concept, I'm certain that this model is going to revolutionize how we stream media; being able to carry around something the size of a usb-stick, plug into any HDMI enabled monitor as long as you have a wireless connection, and then streaming all of your personal content from a smartphone, tablet, or PC...It is an awesome concept which I'm sure will be perfected by someone soon, it just isn't there yet.
I had heard and read great things about the Chromecast, so I went in with high expectations.  I ordered it during the extended backorder period, and waited for over a month to get my Chromecast.  Amazon was upfront when I bought it, saying it could be up to 2-3 months before I would receive it.  Happily I received an e-mail from Amazon stating they received the Chromecast early and I received it after 4.5 weeks.The product packaging is very nice - reminiscent of iPad/iPhone packaging.  Inside is the Chromecast, small rudimentary instruction booklet, USB power cable, and a power adapter if a USB slot is not available.The Chromecast uses HDMI to connect to your TV.  It doesn't receive power over the HDMI, so the USB adapter cable goes into the other end of the Chromecast and then into a USB port on your TV.  Plug both in and then install the app on your devices.  Once you've plugged it in, change your TV to display that HDMI input.  You will also need a wireless network to connect to.Setup is very easy.  You'll spend the majority of your time just downloading the Chromecast app to your device, whether it be an Android or Apple product.  I installed the app on both a Samsung Galaxy IIIS and an iPad 2 (running iOS 7).  I also installed the Android and Apple Google Chrome app in each respective device.  Once the Chromecast app is installed, you open the app and it will automatically recognize the Chromecast.  You will enter your password for your wireless network and it will connect in a few seconds.  You can then change the name of the Chromecast, and you're off to the races.From your Android or Apple device, you can stream video and audio from Netflix, YouTube, Chrome, and Google Play.  When you are in those apps, there will be a new icon in the upper right hand corner that will connect your feed to the Chromecast.  The transition of the video to the Chromecast is extremely fast, and YouTube videos look fantastic (assuming they're good quality videos in the first place).  You can pause, play, and fast forward from your Android or Apple device, and responsiveness is very quick.  Netflix is fantastic to use with the Chromecast as well.So, if I like it that much, why deduct a star?  Only because I wish it connected directly with more apps right now (I'm looking at you,  Amazon Prime).  I have not tried to stream Amazon Prime to the Chromecast through the Google Chrome browser, but that will be next.  Once I've done so, I'll post the results.Overall - this is the cat's meow.
I was hopeful for this device and expected to own 2-3 of them. Wasted my money on just one.I own Apple TV, Negear Push2TV, Roku, Bestbuy Rocket Fish Miracast, and Samsung media dongle.  Im in constant search for the best wireless video display and source mirroring. I have found the Apple TV and Samsung Allshare cast dongle the best and most reliable connections and with few limitations to stream content.The Chromecast has potential, I guess, but is mostly I can't do that.If you are looking for a way to play your purchased Google movies, Neflix and You Tube, and THAT's ALL, from your closed WiFi network, this might be for you, and minus Google movies via Apple.  At present, only Netflix and You Tube can be streamed via Apple devices. But if you have other needs, it's not ready.If you want to use it at a hotel or other secure open wifi, it won't work.THE WAY IT WORKSFrom what I can tell, the device seems to be a smaller version of a media streamer, e.g. Roku player.  I think it works independently of of the tablet, phone or computer that you set up the wi-fi it works through.  However, even if your phone is connected to a wi-fi connection, the Chromecast won't connect if it is not truly an open connection or it does not connect through a secure password. E.g. if you connect though a network that requires you to enter the password via a browser after provider connection, it wont connect.  I also tried connecting it to a secure public network with WEP/WPK and the Chromecast would not connect.Although its claimed someone reverse engineered the device and could play media off the device, it seems the the Chromecast actually accesses the internet independently and not through the controlling device. Your computer, tablet or phone is only used to enter the wifi code through the Chromecast.WIFI REQUIRED, NOT WI FI DIRECT-DOESNT WORK ON PUBLIC NETWORKSDespite its small size, this is not a Miracast device and it needs to access the internet independent of the alleged source device.  It's unlikely to work on an open secure wi-fi system, and unlike Apple TV, which can still stream source media even if the internet is down, Chromecast can not stream if the internet is not working. I also tried connecting it to a secure public network with WEP/WPK and the Chromecast would not connect.NO PROFESSIONAL APPLICATIONI was hoping to project powerpoint and business applications, but it cant be done, not even through Chrome browser.  The most you can do is stream Chrome internet media, provided both the device and the computer have internet access.
**Decided to lower the rating as per my last update: see below**I can understand that many people feel like there is no need for this device since TV sets these days include internet connection. Or Blu Ray, or Playstation3/Xbox.Certainly, this device doesn't do anything besides what other devices do, but what it does, does it in a very nice way for a very affordable price.This device looks like a USB drive at first sight. It is about the same size. It will connect to HDMI connector in a TV and requires also to be connected to an electrical output as well. Of course you need a wi-fi network in your house to use this.There are a couple of ways to set it up. First, you can set it up from an iOS device or from an android device. The apps to do this are only available in certain regional stores, so many countries will not have access to these apps. Setting it up this way is really easy, you follow a few steps on screen to set it up. Once you set it up, the Chromecast starts signaling the wi-fi network that it is ready to receive signal from any device. From your device (smartphone or tablet) you select what you want to see and check a an option to send it to your TV. You can then use your device any way you want, as the broadcast is not a streaming from your device option, the chromecast will receive the information directly from the internet to stream in your TV.You can also set up the chromecast through a laptop, which is really easy. If you do it this way, you don't need to set it up through iOS or android devices. Once the chromecast is ready, the devices will discover the signal on their own. Pretty convenient. This is very convenient for regions where the app for iOS and Android is not available.You will be able to watch Netflix from your region, so don't expect the chromecast to bypass the regional lock on this and other services.I decided to give it 4 starts as I have discovered there are some issues with the audio. The audio suddenly doesn't synch or doesn't play correctly. You need to stop the transmission from your device so the chromecast can refresh, give it a minute or two and play again and it will usually solve the problem. I can imagine this might get improved with revisions to the device software.Update 10/27/13I have been thinkering with the device a little and found several things worth noting.a) You can broadcast from your Chrome browser many streaming services. All you do is install an extension to your browser and there you go, the Chromecast will start showing your browser tab. If you select a complete screen view from the web player you are using, video will cover your TV screen. This is a very neat option.b) If for some reason you manage to bypass streaming services regional locks in your computer or laptop, for example, you find a way to watch US Netflix outside US, when you try to cast it into the Chromecast device, the device will not play. Chromecast downloads directly from the internet and it will recognize region locks.c) Chromecast just plainly doesn't like certain routers. I can't count how many times it just refuses to connect properly, drops connection or loses audio synch. I have done everything I can think of for the last month trying to get it to work, and simply there hasnt been any way to make it maintain a decent connect if the router is more than 3 meters away.If you are serious about streaming video to your TV, this might work for you, but be ready that it may not like your router and this will represent a headache for you to try to fix. On top of that, Google's support is kinda bad in that sense, the technical database they have is pretty limited and they force you to give them a call. I am probably selling this gadget and getting a different option.
I'll begin with some reference; I haven't purchased cable tv in over 10 years, so watching Youtube, Netflix, ect are quite normal for me.Allow me to cut right to the chase- it works flawlessly.  This device allows you to broad"cast" your media to a television.  The easiest way to do this is from your laptop or device using netflix- just click on an icon (square with "wifi" looking curves in the corner).  It will ask you which device and it will list the name.  Using the Chrome browser, download the extension from the web app store, then click on the icon to broadcast the page.  Set up was a breeze, just follow directions.  I set it up using a Macbook air; I downloaded the chromecast setup .dmg file, opened it, followed the instructions.  Within 30 seconds of opening the program the chromecast was ready.On Apple devices: everything comes up automatically, click on the chromecast icon to broadcast.  This will not tie up the device, you can watch on the tv while doing anything else on your iPhone or iPad.On Android devices: As with Apple devices, everything is automatic, just click the icon.  Today on my old Nexus 7, I broadcasted Youtube videos for my kids while I checked my email.Laptop and desktop computers (Mac, Linux, that other one): Using the Chrome browser, just click the icon to broadcast to the device.  The cool thing is that you can broadcast one tab and leave the others out.  So you can type an email on your laptop while another page/program is being broadcasted.Windows: I don't have any Windows devices or computers, but I read that it is NOT supported on Windows Phones.  I would expect a Windows laptop or desktop to work just fine with this as long as you are using the Chrome browser.Pros:The picture is wonderful- full 1080p.  The sound is crisp and clear.Such an easy device to add to your life if you are accustomed to watching tv online.  Netflix works without any trouble at all.It's small and very portable.Con:The device must be "plugged in."  A provided micro USB cable plugs into the rear of the chromecast and must be plugged into a USB port.  The simplest method is to plug it into a USB port on the tv.  It comes with a USB adapter for an outlet and a long USB to micro USB cable.This will not run on networks that have AP/Client isolation.  That means that this won't work in some (more complex) network environments.  A standard network is what this is made for; wifi networks that require a web authentication (i.e. you put your username and password in a browser) will not work.  See the google page on the chromecast for more information.I tried using the Chromecast to broadcast my email page, there was lag while I was typing.  I would type and a second later it would appear on the screen.Also, the device gets warm.Overall: Fantastic device, I think I'll buy at least one more.
What do I mean by hiccups as well as the positives?1. Setup - Requires another wireless device to set it up. I couldn't set it up from a device/computer hardwired to my router....the setup device MUST also be a router connected wireless device.2. Setup - To set up chromecast using a MS Windows wireless device, the device CAN'T be an Win XP device (at least I couldn't get it setup with my Win XP netbook). I only had a XP wireless netbook so I had to borrow my wireless laptop from work which runs Win 7. If you run iOS/android/Win 7 wireless devices you can set up no problem. Heck I even have a Chromebook and couldn't set it up with that. But when I was able to final do the setup, it was very quick...less than 2 minutes.3. The good - AFTER I setup my Chromecast with my the Win 7 laptop I borrowed from work, my Win XP netbook worked fine as far as casting youtube videos from Chromecast (haven't tried Google Play or Netflix yet). So it seems that only setup requires a Win 7 device (or iOS/Android). I haven't tried my Chromebook yet but I believe it will work since the main issue I had was the correct wireless device needed to do the actual setup process. Also not sure about my wired desktop...but the chrome browser and youtube shows that I do have a "cast" icon.4. The good -  You do NOT need to have a USB port on your TV. You MUST have a free HDMI port on your TV. Chromecast simply uses USB to power the device. Chromecast comes with a USB cord PLUS a USB power outlet adapter plug. So if you don't have a USB on your TV, you can just plug the USB into the power adapter which then plugs into a standard electrical wall outlet.It was a bit frustrating that I couldn't set up the Chromecast with a Win XP device or a hardwired (non-wireless device directly connected to my router). I had to wait to set up my Chromecast until the next evening when I brought my work Win 7 wireless laptop home. Not sure what's up with that, but that is the way it goes I guess.Anyway, after the Chromecast was finally set up it has worked flawlessly to cast youtube videos. And the videos are crisp without any stutter. I do own a Roku and mainly want to be able to cast youtube, which Roku has completely failed to implement for some strange reason. I also love the fact that I can use a freaking keyboard (using my little old netbook) - another thing that Roku has completely failed to incorporating into their product - which I am in complete disbelief of (the search method with their remote it truly cumbersome, slow, and down right annoying. But as a caveat, I love the freedom from cable that Roku brings to TV).I do hope other streaming organizations support Chromecast. I particularly want Vimeo to support chromecast. Roku has it...but again without a keyboard, searching for video's is beyond terrible IMO. It is Sept 21st and the last real report back on July 31st indicated Vimeo and Redbox would support Chromecast. Not sure why it is taking them so long to implement casting through Chromecast.Anyway, for $35 bucks this little thing can't be beat for youtube, play, and netflix. Just make sure you have access to an appropriate wireless device on your network that you can use to setup the Chromecast.
I was one of the lucky individuals who was able to purchase a Chromecast in the first wave of orders, before they sold out almost immediately. I purchased it mostly out of excitement and curiosity fueled by my love of consumer gadgets. To be perfectly clear, this product fills absolutely no niche that is not already satisfied by either my smart TV or my Xbox 360, both of which are sufficiently capable of playing back content from numerous sources. The best role to which this dongle could reasonably aspire is to perform these same music/video streaming better or more conveniently than my current solutions. I am happy to say that, for the most part, it accomplishes this role. There are a handful of beneficial reasons for which the Chromecast has become, if not my only streaming device, then at least my primary one of choice for most circumstances.First, it is faster. Considering the time it takes my Xbox 360 to start up, load the Netflix app, browse to a particular TV show, switch episodes (because for some silly reason their design team decided to not let users select an episode first), buffer the introduction and play, it is really not surprising that a tiny device from Google is able to reach the same destination much faster. This is partly due to the simple hardware requiring virtually no start-up time once the TV is turned on. It is also partly due to what I perceive as a faster buffering time to start playing (although initially it performed this task relatively slowly, it has improved significantly since the earlier days). It is also partly due to the fact that it doesn't really have to load an app so much as recognize a streaming source online. The final reason for this significantly reduced wait time is directly tied to the second benefit of the Chromecast.Second, selecting content is easier. The Chromecast is designed entirely as a receiver of instructions from a wide variety of other devices. This means you can use your computer, phone, or tablet to select content for playback. Generally speaking, controlling any of these devices, especially a touchscreen phone or tablet, is much faster for searching for and selecting media content. I certainly have a much easier time finding what I want to watch on my Nexus 7 than I ever did on my Xbox 360. This makes the browsing process both faster and less of a hassle. It also means you don't have to hunt for a particular remote to operate the TV or console; whatever you have at hand will probably do the trick.Third, the available media sources better fits my own device catalogue and service preferences. This reason will vary greatly depending on personal tastes, but until now it has been challenging finding a single service that would work ideally for purchasing movies and TV shows. I've used Amazon's Instant Video in the past, which plays nice with both PC and Xbox 360, but sadly there is no Android support and none forthcoming, which rules out playback on my tablet or phone. Since I'm not plugged into the Apple ecosystem iTunes Video is pretty much useless to me. Finally, with the Chromecast I have found a pair of services that work across all my screens with Google Play Video and Google Play Music. With Chromecast, content that before could make it to my desktop, phone, and tablet can finally play back through the TV as well, the final screen in my house that was previously lacking. This has been a huge relief for me, and helped me decide how I wish to purchase new seasons of upcoming shows.There are two obvious downsides to the functionality of Chromecast at the moment. First, the number of primarily supported sources is very limited. Right now it is mostly just Google services (YouTube, Google Play) and Netflix. There are plenty of other content providers who would add a great deal of value to the service, including but certainly not limited to Amazon, Pandora, Spotify, Hulu, and Vimeo. It seems very likely that Google will get these other content providers onboard in a reasonably short time frame, but it is risky to rely on such future business decisions, and right now the number of options you have for Chromecast is decidedly spartan. Second, sometimes control of playback can be a challenge. It is not always easy to make one's way back to the control app on a given device, meaning urgently pausing a movie is no longer as simple as snatching up the remote or controller in your lap, but unlocking a device and switching back to the proper app.The good news is that, like most Google products, the first couple releases are always large-scale dogfooding among the general populace. It is highly likely that Google will continue to improve the value and functionality of the Chromecast over the coming months, and I for one very much look forward to seeing how they improve the gadget.
I received the item after a delay because it was sold out. Installed it into a HDMI slot on my HDTV (Sony) and followed the instructions. It started up and seemed to work okay. Below are the differences in using a HDMI cable from my Android to the HDTV and using a Chromecast player:1. It does not play on my Tablet and the TV at the same time like when using HDMI cable.2. You can actually surf the net on your Android at the same time playing the movie.3. It does not seem to draw on the battery when using Chromecast like HDMI cable. I have only lost about 5% playing almost 2 hours of Walking Dead when it would be 30% or more when using the cable to the TV.4. Also my tablet heats up when using HDMI and it's stone cold when using Chromecast. That is great.5. I am not sure about the video and sound quality when using either one. It seems louder with Chromecast but better quality using HDMI cable. Then again I need to use it for awhile longer before I can make final judgement.6. I also have been using the 1 month free on Netflix and bought on Ebay for $7.49 an extra 3 months using the code someone gave me. I bought this in August and the deadline was July 24th, but a correct code is good until the end of 2013. Normally it would have cost me $24.00 for the extra months. So if anyone is interested just go to Ebay and look for the best deal.So after a few days of using this I think it's a great deal. You will be able to play wireless Netflix, YouTube and Google play movies and music. Hopefully they will come up with more in the future. Now if Amazon would get off their butts and make one for Android to play their Prime Movies it will even be a better buy. I have a $500 Nexus 10 as the Tablet. It is probably one of the best things I have ever bought in my life.I will be back to update this in a couple of months to make a final judgement. Right now I am giving it 4 stars.
This isn't an android mini PC. This isn't like anything you've used before. Even after having used it, it's difficult for me to describe what it is. ... So, plug it into your TV, go through the awkward setup instructions, preferably through the Apple or Android app available for free, then see the two default services available for "casting" programs to your TV: Youtube and Netflix. These "apps" both work really well. So enjoy your first day's watching, then tomorrow when you try to watch again expect a puzzling time gap while the system sorts itself out again, then watch some more. You won't get "app" access just yet for Hulu or Amazon, but I hear and I hope that those apps are coming soon. BUT - if you download the Chrome browser to your PC or Mac, find the also-free Chromecast add-on in the Google store and install it, then go to Hulu and hit the "cast" button (look around for it in the Chrome tab, on the right side), you might find you have enough bandwidth in your wifi setup to broadcast shows backward (don't know how else to describe it) to your TV. Now here's where the quality and capability of your router comes in. To get a good picture, since your asking your router to have traffic going both ways at the same time, 300mbps is minimum for a good experience on Hulu and necessary for Amazon Instant Video; 150mbps won't be enough to even pull up a shoddy picture on Amazon. ... Firmware updates and more app services will imporve the operation and usability of this device greatly, so overall I think it's worth having (particularly at this price). But it's best not to expect great things from the Chromecast right now.
This is an extremely difficult device to set up.  It requires you to download an application on your PC or phone.  On a PC, it requires your PC to have 'native' WiFi.  That means that the chrome cast application has to be able to directly access the WiFi interface.  My PC has a USB wireless adapter that uses a separate WiFi interface, so no luck there.  Then I tried to use my MacBook Pro laptop.  The setup detects the unit, then shifts your WiFi to join a ChromecastXXXX network (XXXX is a number assigned to your device).  You are then given the address 192.168.254.253 to connect to the unit.  Once you verify a code on the unit, you provide the unit you WiFi network and key.  The unit and my laptop then both rejoin my WiFi network.  Here's where the problem comes in.  Your WiFi router must support uPNP, otherwise you can't find the Chromecast device.  Since I use a work provided router, no luck there.So I had an old DLink wireless router, that supports uPNP, and I tried to set it up again from my Apple laptop.  After going through the steps again, I couldn't find the Chromecast again.  Again no joy.  Finally I downloaded the Chromecast application onto my iPhone.  The setup on an iPhone requires you to manually shift the phone's WiFi settings, which I did.  I finally got a Ready to Cast message on the screen.  I tried casting Netflix from my iPhone, but found it took forever to load content.  It did finally work, though.My AppleTV unit has wired and wireless interfaces, and has a remote control.  I can stream content from my iTunes library or directly from my devices.  Even though it is significantly more expensive ($99 vs $35), it simply works better.I've seen many Android stick PCs on the market at the sub $40 price range, and I will admit that Google's Chromecast is much better designed.  It came with an HDMI extension which wasn't needed since unlike Android stick PCs, this one was slim enough to fit into the HDMI port without crowding other HDMI cables.  it has a long micro-USB cable for power, and the TV's USB port powered the unit with no issues.  An AC adapter is also provided.Google just tried to be too cute with it's WiFi antics.
I wanted to like this device. I really did. So many people are buying it. But nearly as many are returning it because it really offers little or no advantage to anyone who has a smart TV. The device is very limited in what it can do, and setting it up the first time can be frustrating.It only works with the Chrome browser. You must download a software plug-in to your Chrome browser for this to work. It isn't easy to set up the connection between your tablet device and the Chromecast dongle if you're trying to use an Apple based tablet or phone. Once set up, however, you can broadcast whatever you see on your Chrome browser onto your TV screen.There are two ways this Chromecast device gets the internet video into your TV. Right now, it is optimized only for importing videos from Youtube, Amazon or Netflix. For these three services, the Chromecast dongle pulls the video from the internet source and not from your handheld phone or tablet device. You use your tablet device only as the video controller, not the video source. In this mode, the video transmission works OK. But again, most new TVs and DVD players can already do this without a Chromecast device.While Chromecasting should be a cool function, it does not always work smoothly. For videos from sources other than Youtube, Amazon or Netflix, the Chromecast simply transmits the signal from your tablet device to the Chromecast using your Wi-Fi connection. Because this uses an additional chunk of your Wi-Fi bandwidth, the video frame rate slows down the video frame rate so much that the images stutter and skip. And that's using a high speed cable network of 20 MPS. I can't even imagine trying this on 2 MPS DSL or a 5 MPS phone company based internet connection.Besides using it for Youtube, Amazon or Netflix, for all other videos the Chromecast device becomes nothing more than a wireless substitute for the HDMI cable you would otherwise need connected between your tablet device and your TV. In most cases, you'll have much smoother video using the HDMI cable instead of the Chromecast device. The cable is easier, faster, cheaper and it works as good as your tablet can receive the video.I wanted to like Chromecast, but its complications and limitations at this time do not seem to make the viewing experience any better than what a Smart TV can offer on its own. Perhaps the future will bring more Chromecast functions with less limitations and greater ease of use.
I mainly bought this to watch any video from internet not just youtube and netflix. I watch netflix thru my blue ray player which is good enough for me .Anyway setup of the chromecast was quite easy . I was using a android device ( Samsung Galaxy Tab ) . Then I tried to cast from youtube. I had to download the latest version of youtube from google play store . Youtube casting sort of met my expectatons . The picture quality was pretty good .Then I tried to cast from my chrome web browser on the device and the fun started. I found I need a google cast extension to chrome browser . I tried to download that extension and found that the OS of my device is not supported for this google cast extension. And I am running Android !!! So that is a big big surprise as google is not supporting its own OS . Anyway I went to my window laptop and started the process again ( download chromecast from google play, install chrome browser , install google cast)Now I was ready to cast from chrome . I started with some news channels which show live tv . It was slow and jerky and sometime audio doesnot match video . Also the video plays in both my laptop and the tv thus probably contributing to bandwidth issues . Overall it is still not seamless to cast from chrome .Other issues I came up with1. For some reason when my laptop is connected to my office vpn it cannot connect to chromecast2. I often use a  movie site that uses microsoft silverlight, so predictably this does not work chromecastOverall I would say it is still a work in progress and hopefully google will continue to add other apps than youtube and netflix and it will continue to improve casting from chrome browser . and hopefully google will support it OWN OS Android very soon .Overall this is not the worst $35 I have ever spent !!
While I own 7 devices that will stream Netflix, I bought the Chromecast because I don't own any other streaming device that supports Amazon Instant and HBOGO.  I knew that both Amazon and HBOGO were not available at launch, but HBOGO is pending and I'm hoping Amazon will follow.My workaround in the meantime?  The Chromecast "Cast from Chrome" feature - if you can stream it in Chrome, you can transfer the video to the Chromecast.Sounds great in theory, but be forewarned: your streaming experience is fully dependent on the specs of the machine that is running the chrome browser.Case in point: My wife is watching GoT on HBOGO at the moment.  She really wanted to watch on our HDTV, so I showed he how to do so on her MacBook Pro and Chrome.  The problem? It's an older MacBook Pro, and while the streaming is flawless in Chrome itself, the moment she chose to "cast" it to Chromecast, the video became really choppy - unwatchable.To see if the real problem was the fact that both her laptop and the Chromecast were on the network via wi-fi, I turned off the wi-fi on her laptop and hard-wired it to my gigabit network - same result.Then, to see if it was HBOGO itself or her laptop, I went upstairs to my desktop (overclocked quad-core 4GHz with 12GB RAM and a GeForce 275) and "cast" HBOGO from there - absolutely flawless HD on Chromecast.  But it's upstairs... how do I use it as a remote control when I'm not even in the same room?The takeaway:  Chromecast works best when streaming directly from the cloud (via a "native" app), or if you have a *beefy* laptop/desktop nearby running Chrome.  If you want to stream your favorite videos often watched on your phone or tablet, or if you have older/cheap hardware at home, wait until there are more "native" apps...... Until then, this is just the 8th device for me to watch Netflix.Pros:- Three stars for ease of use and setup.  Really painless- The Netflix content streams HD with no stuttering.- *Beefy* machines can also stream HD with no stuttering via Chrome-to-ChromecastCons:- It really needs more apps.  Will add a star for HBOGO/MAXGO/etc. "native" apps.  Will add a star for Amazon Instant app.- Chrome-to-Chromecast experience is not top-notch (see above)- Audio streamed from Chrome to Chromecast is significantly lower in decibels than the "native" apps.  Again, it may be based on the audio card on the machine running Chrome.
This device was a real disappointment! I was under the impression that the Chromecast would work with my beloved Kindle Fire HD and I was so excited over all the possibilities and especially since it was only $35.00, what a wonderful thing! Well forget it folks. Once I connected the device to my TV and followed the directions for visiting the Google.com/Chromecast/Setup website and logging in to my chrome (gmail) account which was required to complete the setup process for the Chromecast device, my progress was halted! Before I could even acquire the free Chromecast App, a warning came up that informed me that I did not have any devices! I realized that they were telling me that I did not have any "Google devices" and as I read further into the Google website, it was mentioned that the Chromecast was not for use with the Kindle Fire HD or Amazon Prime! So why wasn't that information made blatantly available and clear before I spent my $35.00? I went on a search for a solution hoping that someone would give me some help. Yes there are a few idiot Individuals on YouTube who talk very fast so you can't understand them but after replaying their clips a few times you will learn that getting the Chromecast App on to your Kindle is all that you have to do and of course they are all doing it through "Jailbreak" websites that carry risky viruses and possible identity theft leaks. I was tempted but thankfully Amazon made that endeavor impossible since I couldn't get anything to download to my Kindle Fire HD unless it is in the Amazon App store (even though I have selected the option to allow applications from unknown sources to download onto my Kindle which I activated from the "settings" menu on my Kindle Fire). So now I'm stuck with this really useless device that only individuals who own Google devices should buy! I believe that Communication should have been much clearer about the compatibility of the Chromecast with other devices instead of misleading people into thinking that you can use the Chromecast on any smartphone or (Kindle)tablet out there. It's very clear to me that this is all just a marketing/selling plot by Google to get you to buy their "compatible only with Google" device and then maybe you might buy there Nexus devices just to get it to work! I can only imagine the millions of dollars that Google has made from the high hopes of technophiles like me around the world with this crafty ruse on the public. Please save your $35.00 dollars for something else that really works and doesn't make you waste hours of time trying to find a solution when there isn't one! Anyway, I don't know whether to put my Chromecast on the shelf and hope that one day Google will make things possible for me to use it or just send it back?
It was easy to connect up, download the app and register my android phone as a controller. Once that's done, the YouTube app has a Chromecast icon at the screen top which becomes active when you have selected a video and started it playing (the Chromecast app is only for setup, so it's not running with YouTube app). The first time (each session) you have to wait for the video to actually start playing on your phone (pc, whatever) before clicking the icon on the YouTube screen, but succeeding videos in the same session automatically chromecast to the tv. In other words, when the first video finishes or you pause, etc, you can just use the YouTube app as normal and find another video to play, start it playing, then just watch on the tv. The phone and app are only in the loop when you decide to pause or whatever. Otherwise the Chromecast works directly thru the wi-fi.I'm not presently a Netflix subscriber and didn't start a free month just to see it play, but if the YouTube experience is an indication, it should work fine.The quality of the picture will depend on your broadband connection including how well your wi-fi works. I have DSL 8-10 mi from the rural phone center and wi-fi router that is very recent and uses two channels (different carrier frequencies) of wi-fi.Before getting the Chromecast I used Chrome and Firefox on my fast laptop to stream some YouTube and some Amazon movies and another device to send it from pc to tv. That method sometimes had some speed problems and pauses would occur now and then. I think it was dependent on the day and time (broadband competition) and probably going thru my pc and browser were slowing things. I haven't yet tried the Chromecast in the evening when the DSL usually gets busy. I'll update this review if it hiccups. So far it's very good.
Google has locked it down so tight at the moment that it just isn't very useful.  Google really wants one to use things like Netflix or Youtube and then stream/cast them not from your tablet or laptop but directly from the internet.  That is ok.  They took away the ability to use sideloaded music (ie music not on google's system or from their store) and took away the ability to cast/stream video from your laptop to the chrome device.  I have Netflix on my devices, I really got Chromecast because it was cheap and for the ability to cast music and video to my television.  Really disappointed, though there is a work around.  If you use the Chrome browser, you can get the google cast extension and simply drag your media to a tap on Google Chrome and hit Cast.  Ok for long local video/movies, not so good as I haven't figured out how to do a play list for music (ie one song at a time is all I can cast).  Also, if you think you can Cast Hulu or Redbox...that won't happen using the work around...google disables casting of stuff that has silverlight and of course there is no Chromecast apps for these and most other services.  Ultimately, it could be a neat thing if Google decides to unlock its potential and/or more apps come out.  Now, it is only 30 bucks but unless you lack the ability to get Netflix any other way or you are a huge user of the Google store for Google Music or Video...I might wait a bit.  The fact I can't cast my itunes or amazon content just turned into a bit of a downer for me.  In addition to no hulu, redbox and other types of movie support.UPDATE - Using google play if I delete all the songs off of my Kindle from the amazon store and then upload them to google play (their cloud) I can then cast them without a problem.  Failing to delete them I get an error (can't play side loaded content).  It kind of stinks that I have to erase the songs from the device for amazon to do this, can't help but think google did this on purpose.Also, someone commented about uninstalling Silverlight.  I will definitely give that a try and see if Hulu and maybe redbox will then cast using flash as opposed to Silverlight.  I would much prefer Hulu and Redbox simply have a cast icon like Netflix and I have heard rumors that this might be coming.  The device really has a lot of potential though I feel like I am being pushed more to the google store and away from the Amazon kindle type store in order to use it.
The unit I received didn't work for me. The connection to this device from my iPad and HTC One kept on dropping.This product does not support Wireless-N 5GHz band and all my devices at home (my iPad, MacBook Pro, HTC One, Samsung Smart TV, Synology NAS, Samsung Bluray player) are connected either via LAN or via 5GHz band. I suspect this could be the reason why this didn't work properly.As a product, my feelings are explained below.Pros:- Price is great; it costs only $35 compared to most set-top boxes which cost around $100- Form factor is very small; it is a HDMI dongle and you can put it in your HDTV's HDMI port although you need to power it from a USB source.- It can cast contents from Chrome web browser (laptop or desktop) but mobile chrome is not supported. You can cast YouTube, Netflix and Google Play contents from mobile devices.- It is not a screen mirroring device (like AirPlay of AppleTV); it uses cloud. i.e. you can stream a YouTube video from your mobile device and can switch off the device, the play on your TV won't stop. And, you can manage that video from your chrome browser.Cons:- Works only in USA at the moment and Google has a bad habit of keeping things in "beta" mode for very long time (e.g. Gmail).- Supports only 2GHz band of your WiFi. This is one of the significant limitations. A device made in the year 2013 has no support for 5GHz; are you kidding? We are talking about WiFi AC standard and this crap doesn't support part of Wireless-N (5GHz)!! This will have impact on 1080p video (sampled at 20+ mbps while shooting) streaming for sure.- Very limited app support at the moment; it only supports YouTube, Netflix and Google Play (music and video). heck! my TV has both YouTube and Netflix app built-in and my android phone has YouTube Remote App; another $35 on such a device is not worth (at least at this moment).- HD video streaming is not as smooth as expected. It has lags and I could see framing issue in the videos (looks like some of the frames reach with some delay) while casting a 1080p YouTube video from my HTC One to TV.- Heavy dependency on High speed internet (and yet it does not support 5GHz band!!)- You cannot play your local files (audio/video); heck! my android device can play those using a DLNA-UPnP app. And, most HDTVs come with DLNA feature, so this is not a compelling need from this device, but it would definitely a nice-to-have. Plus, many people tried playing local content by opening those in Chrome browser and then casting it, but result is not good. The contents are too slow.
This is a great concept, at a great price, and when it works, it works very well. Unfortunately, it's capabilities were recently reduced by software changes from Google, and it's not clear if or when it will be able to live up to its potential.I already have media servers on my network, and can play most content on at least one TV, but it's sometimes awkward. I was hoping this would be a simple solution to allow me to play web content and locally stored content easily on any of my TV's--even the "non-smart" TV's. So far it's not living up to that.The good:- high quality video (when it works)- low price- flexibility, except where limited by firmware and lack of app supportThe bad:- refuses to play locally stored video content (e.g., my own camera-shot videos, recordings from DVR. Apparently, it was capable of this until late August 2013, when Google reportedly deliberately disabled it via a software upgrade- since flash isn't supported on newer Android devices, "casting" most web videos from Android requires a specific app. Only a few apps are now available--YouTube, Netflix among them. Amazon Instant Video doesn't work.- flash videos can be "cast" from PC's, but it loads the CPU heavily--requires a fast PC, and even then, my laptop runs hot and noisy while doing it- Google music refuses to cast music stored locally on an Android device, even though it will play it on Android. (??)Long story short, I think at this point most people would be better served by a more "full featured" media device, such as a media PC. And those who already have that won't get much more from Chromecast. The price is attractive, and the future could be very promising, but for now I think most people would be better served by a different solution. Maybe apps are in the works to restore the missing / broken functionality, but for now, it does less than half of what I bought it to do.
If you have Apple TVs and iPhones/iPads, don't purchase this device.  Its intended purpose is to stream Chrome browser, Netflix, and YouTube content to your TV - something that Apple TVs have done for many years.  Other than its small size and low price, there's nothing particularly impressive or innovative about the Chromecast media player.  I'm no Apple fanboy, but when objectively compared to the latest Apple TV, the Chromecast falls short on features - i.e. no remote, can't be used without a laptop or mobile device, no apps (as of Sep-13), no support for Hulu or HBO go, etc.  Further, as indicated by other reviewers, the Chrome browser streaming is terrible - quality is lacking and lag is excessive,  In a nutshell, this is a low-end Netflix streaming device but you'll need an Android device to feed content.  Save your money and purchase a Roku 3 Streaming Player or Apple TV MD199LL/A.  While a Roku or Apple TV will set you back 3x more than a Chromecast, they'll give you substantially more features.  I don't know what Google was thinking by releasing this device - it's a great idea but is not competitive with offerings from Roku and Apple two years ago.Everything you need to know about the Chromecast streaming media player:- The Chromecast runs very hot.  Not sure if this will impact long term reliability.- The device includes everything you need to connect and power it.  But you'll need a laptop or mobile device to control it.- Setup was very easy and took less than five minutes.  Adding the Chromecast to a local WiFi network is simple.- Streaming quality from a Chrome browser is very poor - perhaps this is why Google still refers to the feature as "Beta"- The primary feature of this device, streaming from a mobile device or laptop, is a diminutive and well established feature with the Apply TV.  If you want screen mirroring and have Apple devices, stick with the Apple TV for better performance and wider support.- The Chromecast doesn't support Hulu, Amazon Prime, HBO Go, ESPN Mobile, VUDO, Disney Mobile, content on your LAN/NAS devices, etc.  If you want to watch something other than Netflix or Google Play, consider the Apple TV or Roku player.- The device isn't appropriate for a guest room or kids room - it requires a mobile device to stream content and it can't run standalone.Don't be fooled by the Chromecast's cheap price.  It only delivers a small fraction of features available in modern blu-ray players, connected TVs, Apple TVs, Roku players, and other smart TV devices.  I'm not sure who Google thinks will use this device, but unless you you have an old blu-ray player (or none at all), no connected smart devices for your TV, and only want to watch Google Play or Netflix, this device  probably won't knock your socks off.
I ordered the Chromecast figuring no matter what, it's just $35 and it can be used on a spare tv to watch Netflix and the occasional Youtube video.... No harm, no foul. Wow. I love this little thing. I have a dedicated Mac Mini with Plex installed to stream video around the house to various tv's, ipads, roku's,and other devices and i love that, but the Chromecast does it's very limited job so well that it is, overall, a joy to use.I use it for youtube videos more than anything else. i send a video and keep searching for other things to watch and then add them to the queue. Maybe I'll throw up a couple of internet shows i subsrcibe to and a few user reviews as well, maybe a new music video from vevo... in no time i have a custom show for me to watch while i do other things... nice. it's simple and i find that the video streams better with less buffering issues than with anything else i've used. I've had this little dohickey for about a week and have been using it non-stop (something i didn't expect). you control the Chromecast with which ever device you sent the video (ios device, android, pc). it would be nice if i could seamlessly switch devices and still control the queue. currently the device that dealt it smelt it...... or something like that.at the end of the day this little thing costs $35 has the potential of being greater that it currently is. If true, Vimeo, HBOGo, Hulu are actively working on making their services work with the Chromecast, this thing could be a game changer. you can buy three of these for a little more than an Apple TV of Roku. Very impressed. Very cheap way to make a dumb tv a little smarter.
This product is very limited in what it does (Netflix, YouTube, & Google Play movies), but what it does, it does well, and for $35, it's well worth it. I was using a Wii to access Netflix; the picture quality was bad, and it kept freezing up. The Chromecast was relatively easy to install and setup (see below) and the picture quality is 1000X better than the Wii. We watched 3 hours straight on Netflix and didn't have a single problem.Potential negatives:1) The Chromecast apparently requires some high ephemeral ports to be opened in order to function properly. This is only an issue if you are placing it behind a firewall or router that has been configured securely. If you are setting it up on your ISP's wifi router, it should work just fine. (Let that sink in for a moment...)  This may be an issue at some hotels if you plan to take your Chromecast with you when you travel, as it may simply not work with their network configuration.2) You may want to consider buying a cheap tablet to use as a dedicated remote control for it. Some major cable TV providers offer an app to use your smart device as a remote, so a dedicated tablet could serve as a single remote for both.3) I really wish Chromecast supported more stuff. It would be nice to be able to go to PBS.org, for example, and cast that to the device for remote playing. Perhaps in time they will add more application support.Edit: After some time, the Chromecast became annoyingly unreliable. We started having problems with it losing connectivity with the tablet we bought to control it. The only way to recover was to do a full power reset on all devices. We have since switched to using a Sony Blueray player with Internet features built in. It is highly reliable. Not sure why it worked well at first and then got worse. Reduced rating from 4 stars to 3.
Update:Using the Chromecast for however long it has been out now, I like it. However, I kind of wish I invested in a good HDMI for my laptop instead.  I never cast YouTube or Netflix from my iPad or my phone, which leaves using it exclusively for my laptop.  I hear the tab-casting is still in beta mode, but I wish it was better. Netflix and YouTube are not the movie/film-viewing sites that I often use, and any other sites would experience delay/lagging/disconnection with the tab casting via the Chrome browser.  I've seen my sister use her phone to cast Netflix onto your family TV and it works superbly (you can even leave the house or your phone can die and it will still play).  The tab casting, I feel, relies on good reliable internet.  If you don't have a good connection, don't have any hopes of watching anything on the TV.  However, even with the best connection (which I have), you WILL experience technical difficulties.  It's still a good product, but there are still major improvements that need to be made.  Not worth the price for where it is, developmentally speaking.//I initially ordered a Chromecast from the Google website and it just came in last night. Although I haven't had it for too long, I'm sure I know of how well or poorly it works.The dongle itself is great, it saves the hassle of having to connect a Thunderbolt to HDMI cable to watch something on the big screen. My TV actually has a USB port, so an external source of power was not necessary. The dongle powers up by itself after the TV is turned on, and the input is selected (depending on where you inserted the Chromecast). I initially had trouble, I couldn't get the set up screen to come up. I only had a black screen with a few white dots at 480p. After going online to learn how to trouble shoot it, it turns out all I needed to do was unplug it, click the reset button a couple of times (to make sure it wasn't jammed), and then plug it back in. The set up was easy. Downloaded and installed Chromecast on all of my devices (both Android and IOS) in no time.For the longest time, I've been using my TV as an external monitor, more for movies than anything. The fact that I am unable to see documents on the big screen (like I ever did that anyways) is tad disheartening, but I got over it. It takes a little while for something to be cast on to the TV, and at times, the connection can fail (I had it happen once so far).  The Youtube app had to be cast and then loaded before what I was watching was on the screen. Having something casted isn't as instantaneous as I had hoped, but I'm willing to work with it.I don't often use Netflix or Amazon for movies. I'm more preferential toward third-party sites for my movies. I was worried that the movies wouldn't cast on my Macbook, but it did. But when it did, I was worried I'd have to watch it small-screen with the Google Chrome browser clearly evident. However, I noticed that after I clicked the full-screen button, the movie expanded on both my Macbook and the TV, but, you can still multi-task due to the multiple desktop function of the Macbook (which is a lifesaver)! Simply swipe to another desktop to start/continue working on something else.I'm still in the process of looking for an extension or app of Google Chrome that would allow me to play music from my Itunes, which would make the Chromecast amazing in all aspects. But so far, my searches have come up empty-handed.For a small, convenient dongle that allows you to cast and watch movies from electronic devices to the big screen, the price is great. A decent Thunderbolt to HDMI cable would cost as much, and wouldn't allow you to connect your devices to the TV. For $35, it's a good buy. I'm hoping that there will be more updates to improve the 'syncing' and smooth playing of the movies and media. Other than that, I see no problem with it. I'm actually ordering another one from Amazon for my parents (it costs less than Google because of the shipping).Easy to use.Convenient.Try it!
Google's Chromecast is, for the most part, a good cheap alternative to the Roku, Apple TV, and Google TV. However, it also has limited functionality for now, as the only apps it natively supports are YouTube, Google Movies, Netflix, and Google Music. Apps like HBO GO are currently not natively supported, though there have been unofficial efforts from Android developers to expand its functionality to other apps (which were subsequently disabled by Google due to concern over QC). Anyway, the apps that it supports work very well with it; once you install the Chromecast app on your Android device and have all the relevant apps updated, as long as you're on your WIFI network you'll see a little streaming television icon at the top (phones) or bottom (tablets) of your screen. Just click it and then it'll begin streaming to your Chromecast.Setup is very easy. Just plug into an HDMI slot on your television and then if your television also has USB ports, plug it in with the included USB cable. If not, it also comes with a wall adapter. If your television is far from your router, the Chromecast also comes with a small WIFI extender. Then just turn on your television and run through the setup program, which basically just consists of having it recognize and connect to your home network. Have a computer or mobile device at hand for this part of it. You'll have to do a similar setup on your mobile device once you've installed the Chromecast app.Once it's running, the Chromecast takes no effort to run. It automatically turns on when you switch to the appropriate television input, and it slowly goes through a slideshow of beautiful scenery and backgrounds. It is actually nice just to see these beautiful pictures displayed on your television if you've got a big screen HDTV. Then, again, just use one of the apps mentioned above and begin streaming. You can also stream webpages from Google Chrome on your computer once you install the Chromecast extension. There is supposed to be support for iOS but that hasn't happened yet. Hopefully Google will get support from other companies as well besides Netflix (HBO, Amazon, etc.).One of the biggest pluses is that once it connects to your mobile device, it takes the load off and streams over your router. What this means is that it doesn't result in any noticeable battery drain over what you already have normally. I can watch a 22-minute show on Netflix and my (almost) two-year old battery in my Galaxy Nexus will go down 2%. Your mobile device essentially just turns into a remote once the Chromecast begins streaming. It also awesomely allows you to use your device normally while streaming. That means that you aren't tied down to the "remote" functionality while streaming. You can let it run in the background (still available from your status/notification bar) and go on texting, emailing, etc. if you want. These two features alone, the extremely low battery drain and the ability to keep using your mobile device normally while streaming, are fantastic.Basically my only gripe with the Chromecast besides the relatively low amount of compatibility as of writing is that I seem to have an occasional issue where, when I turn on my television and it goes to the Chromecast splash screen, the screen flickers a bit. Then on occasion when I am playing video the audio will cut out and I'll have to rewind. I have tried unplugging the Chromecast, resetting my router, etc. and don't know why it does this. The router is literally six inches from the Chromecast so it's not a connectivity issue. Hopefully it will get ironed out soon.Google, please keep working to bring other companies into this. I would guess that lack of HBO GO is a big sore spot for many users. It would also be great if Amazon would develop some video apps already and stop trying to be proprietary to its Kindle line (at least they have an app for Roku and for my LG smart TV). For now, should you buy this? If you don't care about HBO GO and don't use Amazon Prime, then yes. Do not hesitate. It's only $35. If either of those is really important to you and you don't want to sign up for Netflix or make purchases over Google Movies, then you may want to wait until this has some better functionality. All in all, though, this thing is amazing and amazingly priced.Edit: As I was reminded in the comments section, you can still stream "unsupported" programs through Chrome on your computer, these are just not supported by actual built-in app compatibility.
Got this for a new small 1080 hdtv in the guest room, so that the grown up kids can tune in Netflix with their smart phones when they're here.  I  opened the box at 6pm and was watching Emergency on Netflix by 6:15.  No buffering. Here's what I had to do:  1) Plug in the Chromecast dongle into an HDMI port on the TV; plug USB cord into back of dongle and into USB on TV (if you don't have one, you can get the power from an electrical outlet, cord is long enough), change input source on TV to the HDMI where you have the Chromecast plugged in (although mine went there automatically); a web address is given to do the chromecast setup (google.com/chromecast/setup).  If you don't have chrome on your laptop, you will need to download it.  This is where Chromecast dongle gets sync'd up with your wireless network.  Then it will tell you you're read to cast.At this point I was a little puzzled, but here's what I had to do.  I had to go to the Google store and download the Netflix app for Chromecast to my laptop, or to my google cloud in the google store, I'm not sure.  I've checked and you can't use just Netflix.com; you have to get the specific Netflix app for Chromecast because it has the little "cast" icon in the right hand corner of the Netflix selection.  Now I had to sign into Google to get access to the store.  YouTube was already there, and I added the Netflix.  I imagine I will have to get the kids to download the Netflix app to their phone.  This is all one-time set-up stuff.  I clicked on the new Netflix app in the Google store and it looked just like regular Netflix, found my show, and accessed my show.  Once the show was ready on my laptop with the usual Netflix loading delays, I clicked on the "cast" icon and it appeared on my TV.  I then minimized and did some other stuff while the show was on.  You can't close it out as that definitely shuts it down.You have to have a wireless network, you have to have a Netflix subscription, you have to have a TV with an HDMI port (a USB makes it a little neater).  This isn't taking the place of my WII, but it is allowing me to view Netflix from my basement TV or guest room TVs.  Tomorrow I'm going to try it on my basement TV.  It looks like it will be pretty portable.Update 9/16:  Moved it to my basement tv, and it works perfectly, using the same name on the network.  Basement tv doesn't have the correct USB port, so I just used the plug supplied to get power from the electrical outlet.  I also tried browsing in hulu and cbs.com thru the google chrome browser and was able to cast the screen content over ...
**UPDATE**I orginally had the chromecast plugged into an extension cord via the charging block, which created a bit of an eye sore with the cableing. But, I somehow remembered there was a USB port in the back of my cable box (yes, I still subscribe to cable, Time Warner nonetheless...) In any case, I gave it a shot, and voila! It actually powers the device. I thought it would power down once I turned off the cable box, but nope, apparently the box continues to supply power even when the box is off. So now I dont have to route the power cable and extension cord just to power it. I should also add that i have the chromecast plugged into a HDMI switch, since my tv only has 2 HDMI ports. And it works just fine this way as well. </update>**start original review**First, what is with all the 1 or 2 star reviews saying it doesnt do much? Did you people not do your research on what this can/cannot currently do? Yes, app support is minimal right now, but they told you that it only supports Netflix, YouTube and google play vids right now, and that tab casting is still in Beta! Anyway...onward to my reivew-Finally received this after waiting a month and a half here on Amazon. Set up couldnt have been more straightforward. Plug Chromecast into HDMI port. Plug in the power (either to an available USB port or outlet). Go to the chromecast set up webpage to download the setup. Follow the on screen instructions. Start casting!I dont subscribe to Netflix, so I'm really banking on other app support soon. But I did try out youtube and a bunch of sites that offer streaming video, such as ESPN, Hulu, Aereo and sites of various tv stations (MTV, CW, etc) on my laptop using the Chrome browser. Also tested out youtube from my iphone. All cast without a problem. I dont know why I was surprised that even the audio was casting through the device, but it was! which is great so i dont have to connect the laptop thru my sound system.Must admit the picture quality is not where I would like it, but hoping that'll change once apps start supporting it. Also, as some have mentioned, Amazon streaming is not supported right now, at least in full screen. You can cast the tab and watch it in the browser, but once you try to full screen it, it doesnt work.All in all, you can't lose for $35. Here's to hoping other popular apps jump on board soon, and google allows casting local videos!
I wanted something that would let me stream Netflix offerings to my TV in a simple way and at a reasonable price. This device does that, but with a couple of stumbles along the way.First, set-up didn't work properly the first time, which was a little alarming for a device that is highly touted for its simple installation. I suspect it was a local network problem. I repeated the process and got the connection working on the second try.I set up device control on both a recent Android phone and on a year-old iPad. Since you control the TV display from your wireless device (pause/resume, forward/back, subtitles and so forth) rather than your standard remote, there is lag time in making changes because you have to wake your controller up and let it figure out the current state of your Netflix stream before you can, for example, pause the stream. A couple of times my iPad has lost all playback control completely, and I had to power-cycle the device to get it to connect with the Netflix controllers correctly. Maybe I am unwittingly doing something that messes up the connection, or maybe not. Still, a properly designed control system should make it impossible for a new user of the technology to march in the wrong direction.A caution: if your HDTV is an older one (say 2007 or before), it may have only one HDMI port on the back. If so, and if that port is given over to a cable box connection, you will need an HDMI switch to accommodate both your cable feed and the Chromecast device. Or you can use a set of standard cords to get the cable signal into your TV, freeing up the HDMI attachment point. In the worst case, you can just unplug the one and plug in the other when you need to switch feeds.You can't beat the price, but I'm wondering if I will end up with something better (Roku?) to replace this as time goes by. We'll see.[Edited after posting to correct typos.]
I have set this connected to the TV in the main room of my condo for my roommates and I to use. It's a great low-profile, cheap way to make any TV a "smart" TV. If you've ever used the PS3's versions of Youtube or Netflix apps, they are essentially identical. The advantage the Chromecast has over other settop boxes is that it's always on and listening for requests to play videos. So as long as you have it plugged in (via USB to your TV or via wall adapter), your mobile device will detect and connect to the dongle.Google has cleverly used HDMI-CEC to allow the Chromecast to turn on and switch input so as soon as you select a video to play, it is on your screen. It's difficult to understate the difference this makes for your streaming experience. With the PS3/XBox, you have to turn on the box, turn on the TV, sign in, open the netflix app, and pick the video to play. With Chromecast you just open the app, select the video, and set it to play on your TV.The value of this device is greatly increased if you're a subscriber to Google Play Music All Access, which I am. Then you can also sling any song on the subscription service to play on your TV's speakers. Eventually, more services will pop up, like Pandora, Hulu+, Revision3, Vimeo, and hopefully Spotify. Right now Google is stubbornly sitting on its hands and refusing to open access to the final Chromecast API, holding all of these apps back.There are some downsides. There is another streaming option that allows you to mirror the content of any Chrome tab on your screen, including any websites with flash or HTML5 content (legal or not ;) ). I hoped this would enable me to watch more...grey area content on my TV, but unfortunately the Chrome extension is still very beta. Quality is not the greatest even at the highest settings. Connecting a PC to your TV via HDMI is still better in this case.The dongle itself doesn't have the greatest wifi reception either. When I first plugged it in it was behind the TV and was not able to connect, but I moved it to a side HDMI port and used the included extender to get it to peek around the side of the TV, which solved the problem. Your mileage may vary.Overall, at this price it is an instinct buy IMO. When the Chromecast API opens more developers will enable their apps to use the service and it will quickly surpass game consoles as a streaming solution.
It's all about simplicity. This is a no brainer for those who don't have anything remotely similar. If your tv is "dumb," and you don't own a roku, apple tv, ps3, etc. Then this is a no brainer! Even if you have one of those stand alone products with the netflix and youtube apps, I'll tell you why you should still buy it. Products allowing you to play netflix or youtube on the big screen are not new, but that's not the point of the chromecast. The chromecast is all about the "HOW."Because of this dongle, I'm watching more and more netflix and youtube on the big screen. You know why? Because chromecast is the closest thing to feeling like the app is a part of your regular cable line-up. In the past, If I'm browsing and messing around on youtube, I do not bother to fire up the PS3, and if I own a google tv or apple tv, I probably wouldn't bother turning on those boxes either. It's just faster to browse with your keyboard and just watch the clips on your notebook. In the past, watching Netflix on the big screen is something I had to prepare for. I have to browse and search on my smartphone or notebook first, add the movie that I want to watch to my que, then turn on the ps3. Because highlighting letters with your controller pad is stupid and impractical. And the funny thing is my TivoHD has a netflix app too, but highlighting letters on the tivo remote was even more excruciating and worse than the ps3.Hence, this is why the "HOW" part of the chromecast is so awesome. You're already browsing and searching with your smartphone or tablet, now just hit play. No need to power up anything else. No need to buy mouses, air-mouses or media center keyboards for your roku or ps3. YOUR SMARTPHONE DOES IT ALL!!!! That's the point folks! No extra mouse, keyboards, or accessories cluttering your coffee table. And you can still use your smartphone to do anything else you want. The chromecast is processing the video from the cloud. Your smartphone is free! That's why I say it's the closest thing to feeling like Netflix and Youtube are a part of my cable line-up. I can get to these apps quickly! No need to power on anything else or fetch keyboards and controller pads. That's why we hardly watch youtube on the big screen. The hassle is not worth it for short videos. With chromecast, we've been watching more youtube. When a few of my family members are sitting around, I always take the opportunity to cast a few funny videos, or share interesting videos I've seen. In the past, would I bother to ask everyone to huddle around my notebook, fire up the PS3, or hdmi out my notebook to the big screen? NOPE. Another cool thing is that anyone with a smartphone can start casting videos too. You can show a funny video, and your friend or family can try and top you with a funnier video from their smartphone. This is something that you cannot experience with any other product out there.Of course, they need to develop this and add more apps. As it is with just Netflix and Youtube, it's already worth the $35. When they develop more apps, especially an app that will allow us to play our own videos and view photos from the cloud, then this dongle will be the bargain of the century. Right now, you can play local videos by loading the video into your pc's chrome browser, then cast the tab. But this uses your computer's processor and if you view in full-screen, then you can't do anything else with your computer. I consider this a "work-around" and I hope they give us a dedicated app soon. Also, this "work-around" is not possible on your smartphone or tablet. Even if it was possible, it would use your phone's processor and eat up its battery. So those complaining about this, just be patient and wait for a real dedicated app.We are creatures of habit, and this chromecast happens to be very compatible with my habits. I understand my review may not sound appealing to someone else who has different habits. But if you can relate to some of the things I just wrote about, then buy it, you won't regret it. If you don't like using your Smartphone for everything, then don't buy it. But then I would have to ask, why did you buy a "smart" phone? I think you would be missing out on it's capabilities. You paid up the wazoo for your smartphone. Use it for something else other than texting! I read a review where the person said they rather have a dedicated remote because they don't always have the smartphone on them. Seriously, think of what you're saying folks! If I called you right now, you wouldn't pick up the phone because it's placed somewhere far away? I don't know anyone who stashes away their cell-phone to the point, they can't hear it or reach it. C'mon, stop resisting! This chromecast is awesome and it simply makes sense! The more you resist, the more you don't make sense. LOL!-------------SET-UP TIPS--------------If phone set-up isn't working, go to notebook. Vice versa, if notebook isn't working, then set-up on phone.-When it fails and says TRY AGAIN, close the app.-Disconnect router, reconnect router. (sometimes, magical things happen when you disconnect. The router just figures itself out.)-Disconnect chromecast power, reconnect chromecast.-Start Set-up App again and try it again.I have two chromecast and my first set-up was one shot and smooth. My second chromecast took some fiddling, but I did those steps above and it connected. I also took it to a friends home and tried it on his network. When it failed, I did those same steps above and it worked again. I highly recommend doing these disconnecting/reconnecting tips before spending hours on the phone with a rep.-----------------------9/11/2013 UPDATE TIPS------------------------In my review I mentioned that your notebooks is rendered useless when you cast full screen to your big tv using the chrome browser. I learned that if you hit the ALT+TAB buttons, you can regain your notebook while the tv is still casting your movie in full screen. Awesome! Keep in mind, this is still a "work-around." It's not ideal to watch a movie because the streaming is crappy and your PC is processing. Ideally you want the Google folks to create more apps like Hulu, Amazon Prime, etc. Casting from the browser is ideal for photos, presentations, etc. I wouldn't recommend it for movies.-To cast Amazon prime in your chrome browser (from your notebook of course), uninstall microsoft silverlight. Next time you play an Amazon movie, it'll ask if you want to install silverlight or use adobe flash. Choose adobe flash, and enjoy!
I have rarely been so ticked off at a product. Too bad Amazon doesn't have negative stars. Google is totally incapable of supporting this buggy, largely incompatible device. Unless you like gambling - stay away until this thing works in most home network environments.Having tested two of them, one from Google and one from Amazon, I can attest a 100% failure rate over 1 week of effort. There is an excellent chance it will not work with your router, or any particular router. Google cannot say which routers it works with, likely because it doesn't work with most. Google has zero technical support dedicated to this device, the escalation team is near useless to non-existent.I get exactly the same (and only) pattern using four different routers and four different clients with each of the two Chromecast units: 1 x ASUS N53 router, or 1 X Netgear N600 WNDR3700 router, or 2 x Buffalo G54 DD-WRT 24, with Windows 7 64bit Pro, Windows 7 64bit Home Premium, HTC One V Andriod 4.0, and Sansei Phablet Andriod 4.1 as "sending devices" (clients). BTW, don't keep pushing the reset bottom, which is very flaky, or re-install the app as the reps in the Google call center reading scripts tell you to do. It makes zero difference but wastes lots of time. Also be warned the device runs hot (as in toasty).The Chromecast app will find both the Chromecast broadcasting on its own 2.4Ghz network, then prompt for the SSID and password of the local WLAN in order to connect to the local 2.4Ghz network. [Chromecast does not use 5Ghz channels]. The app will get the Chromecast to join the local (WLAN) network as shown by the DHCP address being handed out to the Chromecast MAC address and the device becoming pingable. DD-WRT shows Chromecast requesting 140 connection that simply fade away. Windows shows the app switching rapidly between the Chromecast private network and the WLAN. The app reports failure and the TV has the message that Chromecast connected to the WLAN but it did not have Internet connection which of course is false. Google hints that IGMP is involved but has zero documentation what the device is actually trying to do. Obviously it is failing to shake hands with Google's Chromecast servers. The Chromecast is a stripped Android device controlled via URLS, but there is no way to query the Chromecasst to ask for its status. Google doesn't want that.I don't know what Google is doing but it obviously overtaxes many home routers in service. Likely they are exploiting rarely used protocols which push consumer grade routers beyond their capabilities or at least into poorly tested buggy territory. Google should document this and at least they could provide a list of working routers. I can attest from first hand experience that the list of ones with which Chromecast does not work appears to be extensive. Frankly I would recommend against wasting time on this thing until Google cleans up its act and come clean on which routers it works on. Be grateful Amazon is backlogged, perhaps by the time you get yours, Google will have learned what it means to deliver a consumer device directly to customers. If Google thinks this is the future of direct consumer sales, then it doesn't have one.
Great... for Up-to-date DevicesGoogle Chromecast is a device that lets you stream your phones, laptops, and other devices to the screen. The streaming is smooth. In the home setting, it's practical when you want to save some batteries on your laptop because an HDMI cord from your computer will just count the TV as a second computer screen. Or when you have a party and want to keep your computer in another room or have people take turns sharing Youtube videos on the TV. In honesty, the uses of this are pretty minimal when there's no reason to stream and a cord will suffice.I initially bought this for my parents who still have a computer from when dinosaurs roamed. They weren't able to use it because the Chromecast application wasn't compatible with their old computer. So I took it home with me.I use a MacBook, my girlfriend uses a PC (in Chromecast's defense, it works much better for her). There are a couple of things that aren't compatible with Chromecast for Macs. Streaming Hulu, isn't like how you stream Netflix. You are Chromecasting your whole browser (so, like just having a cord) and it's a little laggy. Then again, Hulu is an extremely glitchy website and I wouldn't be surprised if the issue was on their side.The thing that Chromecast works best for is Youtube and Netflix. From either my phone or my computer, it's nice to not feel attached to the TV screen by a cord and the streaming is just as smooth (No strings on me - Ultron).Overall, I would give the product a 4. 5 stars for how well it works, but -1 star for the fact that it's really just an addition to your house (for $30) and really isn't needed if you have all the cords. It's not compatible with older computers, so buyer beware.Summary:If you got the cash, go for it, but it's not super necessary. It's a $30 device to live the life of Pinocchio.
If you're missing "smart" features on your TV with an HDMI input, the chromecast is an option that I recommend for the price. When a controlling device, such as a smartphone or tablet, is connected to the same network, each supported app will have an additional option to "cast" the content. When a content is selected, the chromecast will request and receive the stream from the associated server and play the file. The downside to this is that local content playback is not supported at this time (unless you play a movie file on Google Chrome and cast the tab to Chromecast).Currently, the only "apps" supported are Netflix, Youtube, Chrome Tab Casting, & Google Play/Music.The apps for Netflix, Youtube, & Google Play acts a controller & content lookup/queue management agent which is convenient considering only 1 "remote" is needed.As for the Chrome Tab Casting extension on Google Chrome, you are able to screenshare what you're viewing on your PC (connected within the same network). The quality is dependent on the strength of your wi-fi signal but there are workarounds if the buffering is severe, such as lowering the quality of the packets that are sent from PC to Chromecast.Overall, it was a good purchase at $35 based on the current apps that support the device. For my purposes, it accomplishes 80% of what a smartphone-based streaming ecosystem should be, but others may be disappointed in the lack of app support. I was able to purchase 3 units for TVs both with and without "smart apps" capabilities so that I could somewhat unify the systems within the house (since you can control which content can be viewed on certain TVs).With proper support from Google, I believe this will be a great investment for the future to somewhat resolve the "fragmentation" issues of Android OS & Electronic Manufacturers.
Three big disappointments:1) It didn't work with the Samsung PN60F8500. If someone else got it to work with that TV, please comment, or even if you had the same problem, I'd love to know. I got it to work with 3 other Samsung TVs, one of which was a 2013 model (UN40F5500). The other 2 TVs are older 2008 models, and the Chromecast works on those too.2) Doesn't work in hotels. With the sign-on page needed to access hotel internet, Chromecast does not have an option to login in through those pages. It seems like the brilliant programmers at Google would have an easy software fix. Or here's an idea, add Google Chrome to Chromecast natively so that it can open the page and stream content directly from world wide web. You control it on your computer like you would for Netflix or Youtube, but instead, you're sending web addresses to the Chromecast to display. Unlike Tab Sharing (sit tight, you're up next) which tries to stream from the computer you're on as a screen share. If you just were able to hit the chromecast button and type in the address to open natively, all would be solved. I think... Just do it.3) When I saw you could share tabs from Chrome, I got excited. It's what made me buy the Chromecast. I can already get Netflix and YouTube through other devices, so that wasn't a big deal (however, they are nice features, and I'll discuss below). What I didn't know when I bought the Chromecast was that this feature is still in beta... I'm all for being a beta tester, and have done my far share in the past. Unfortunately, in this case, I was a bit blind-sided until reading that the feature was in beta at some point during the set-up. I think we're also in a very very early stage of the beta because I've yet to have a tab sent to Chromecast that would last more than 30 seconds. So forget trying to stream a video or other content from one of your tabs (that isn't Netflix or YouTube). I really hope that Google improves this feature. Perhaps my suggestion above for a native Chrome app controlled on your computer would do the trick. Just a thought.Three positives, and why I'm holding on to the Chromecast:1) It's very easy to use the Netflix and YouTube applications. Just hit a button and it's on the screen. I ended up putting the Chromecast on an older TV that still gets use, but doesn't have other video streaming capabilities. So $35 to get Netflix on the TV was a great add-on. I can use my phone or computer to tell the Chromecast what to play.2) Small - The TV it's hooked into is mounted on the wall. No boxes or cables are seen, everything in the wall, a very clean look. With the Chromecast, it's able to stay connected to the TV, doesn't show, and doesn't compromise the look of the TV on my wall.3) Hope for the future - More apps are coming. Developers are programming for the Chromecast now. Maybe we'll start to see more of what we see from the usual Roku boxes, built-in TV Apps, etc. I'm also hoping for the Chrome Tab share to get better. As the device improves, I think I'll be happier with the purchase.UPDATE 9/7/2013:I want to add that I have been able to connect the Google Chromecast to an HDMI port on my AV Receiver (Pioneer Elite SC-05). I have an HDMI out to my TV. No problems with this connection, works as normal. Wanted to add this just in case someone was looking to connect it through a receiver instead of directly to a TV.Also, if you don't find this review helpful, please leave a comment as to why, or ask a question that I can help you with. I'm a little curious why I quickly received 3 "not helpful" clicks vs. 1 "helpful" after posting my initial review which I posted solely to help others...
As a musician I am on YouTube a lot and the D-Link MovieNite Streaming Media Player I purchased for that was not as reliable nor as versatile as I had hoped. This device, though was practically made for connecting YouTube to my TV and controlling it with my Samsung Galaxy Note II or my wheezing old Windows XP laptop.Yes, this will do more than YouTube, but I also have a Roku and that does the Amazon Prime movies I want. This is my YouTube box and it works perfectly.  Installation entailed first plugging this into one of the two HDMI ports on my TV and attaching power. Since my TV has an USB port I use it for power, but the device comes with a wall wart for a USB cable too. The next step required downloading the Chromecast and YouTube apps for my Note II and connecting to my network. Now when I bring up YouTube there is a 'Cast' icon I can press to watch whichever videos or clips I bring up in a search or from my favorites.The app I loaded also will detect and work on my friend's Chromecast when I am at her house, so in a way this is a universal remote. She is using an iPhone 4S and went through basically the same install process, although she is also using NetFlix with hers. Like me she has a Roku plugged into her second HDMI port. She uses that device more than I do, but out needs are different.Overall, I can heartily recommend this for folks who spend a lot of time on YouTube, even if they have another streaming box like the Roku. I am not so sure that I would get this as a general purpose streaming device - at least at this point - if I wanted movies from other sources. In that category the Roku seems to have many more options (at this point in time) and is a more mature and versatile platform. However, for YouTube this is THE solution in my opinion.
I received Chromecast dongle approximately 4 weeks after I ordered it. Today it finally arrived (it was ahead of schedule, actually). I plugged it in, and started the setup process, which took only a few minutes to complete, and went reasonably smoothly. However, after using it for less than 30 minutes, I decided to return it. I'll explain the reasons but first, a little background:I watch a lot of online contents on my large screen TV, so I keep my computer connected to the TV using a HDMI cable. Because the TV set has only two HDMI sockets, one is being used for connecting to a blue-ray player, to use the Chromecast dongle, I had to unplug the cable that connects the computer.Here comes problem #1: Chromecast dongle takes a HDMI socket, but it cannot entirely replace the cable because it only "casts" limited set of programs (youtube, google movie, etc.) to TV. Which would be fine IF that were the only thing I watch. But I also want to watch the other stuff. So the only way to it, if I keep the dongle, is to keep switch back and forth between Chromecast dongle and the cable. It would be a big hassle with no apparent advantage.A second problem I had was that when I use Chromecast to watch programs on TV, for some reason the audio signal failed to reach the stereo system connected to the TV. So, in order to watch youtube etc. on TV through Chromecast, I would have to rely on TV speakers, which are not that great.A third (potential) problem, is that Chromecaset relies on home wireless network. It uses a lot of bandwidth, so depending on the speed of your wireless router, it may or may not be a problem. It wasn't a problem for me but I could imagine that it could be an issue on some older home wireless networks. By the way, the dongle gets really hot after about 10 minutes of use.Anyway, it worked but after the initial excitement, it was quite a disappointment.
I pre-ordered a Chromecast in mid July.  I received it around July 30th.  Easy setup.  Took me about 3 minutes.  Does everything I want it to with 1 exception.  It will not stream local content, meaning media files on your local networked computer, phone or tablet.  Yes, there is a workaround by opening your local content in a chrome browser tab.  Right now, it doesn't work well for my needs.Youtube, Netflix and Google Play stream effortlessly to my HD television with stunning success.  As others have said, when doing one of these online services (and the many to  come) are streamed directly from the internet to your router to the Chromecast.  This process will allow you to turn off the device used to engage the service once it is streaming to the Chromecast.  You can leave the device on and use it as a remote.  Leaving the device on uses less than 1% of my cpu on my Samsung GS3.  Not much, doesn't seem to run battery down.Streaming a tab from the Chrome browser on a desktop or laptop works very well for me.  I have very fast computers.  Both my laptop and desktop have 3rd generation i7 processors and have little problem casting the Chrome browser tab.  However, after reading reviews, I tried an older i3 laptop.  It was not able to handle the process of getting it to the Chromecast from the Chrome browser.  As the content in this scenario is streamed from the internet to your router, then to you computer where it is decoded, recoded and sent back to your router and finally to your Chromecast.  Lowering the video quality helped but did not eliminate the issue on my older laptop.  Google has recently added the ability to cast Netflix, Youtube and Google Play directly to the Chromecast when using the Chrome browser on a desktop or laptop.  This is now the same scenario as from a smartphone or tablet, when doing these services the Chrome browser simply engages the Chromecast to stream the data.  Almost any desktop or laptop would be able to do this, but only for the included services.  Important if you don't have a smart phone or tablet, you can still engage the Chromecast without taxing an older CPU.  Music services like Pandora and Spotify play well on almost any halfway decent PC using the Chrome browser.  I have one Chromecast plugged into my HDMI port on my Onkyo receiver and listen to Spotify and Pandora over my stereo without the TV being on.  Controlling with my laptop or desktop.  Sounds great, I love it.After a full day of use, I ordered 2 more Chromecasts for my other HD televisions.  I use one of my tablets, smartphones or computers to cast to any TV in my house.  I personally love the Chromecast, and like I said, it does it all for me.  I can stream anything I can find on the web to my HD televisions.  You may not be able to depending on your equipment.  It is a cheap way to add Netflix, Youtube and Google Play(many to come) to a HD TV that is currently without that capability.  I hope this review explains enough for you to decide if it is for you.  If you do not have a newer PC or Mac, you might find the Chromecast very limited right now.  If you do have a new computer, this is probably the best device for you to stream any online media to your HDMI device.  And eventually, I see this device adding most services for direct streaming of online content, supporting anything Roku and Apple's equivalent can, including streaming local content from your PC, tablet or smartphone.5 stars for me, but depending on what you want and what your existing equipment is, it may not be for you.
This is NOT my first streaming media appliance, so I've had a bit of experience with the different technologies.  This one's a lot different from my WDTv, TiVo, and Sony Smart DVD.  Of the four, the Chromecast has the BEST netflix quality and overall user experience of all of them, and for that alone, it's worth the getting.SETUPOut of the box, the HDMI dongle plugs into your TV, or, AV AMP.  I elected to go to the back of the amp, and I used a 3 foot HDMI extension to bring the dongle out of the furniture where the wireless signal would be clean.  It comes with a small extender of its own (about 3 inches).  Because my amp didn't have a USB port, I just used one on the Samsung TV instead.  It worked perfectly.  This is nice because you don't have to go finding another 120v outlet for it.Instructions on the screen were simple, and I had the thing streaming Netflix, YouTube, and my music from Google Play within a few minutes time.PROBLEMSUnfortunately, I came up against some things I expected to be able to do, but can't.1) Interface to Google Chrome Browser doesn't work for iPad.  After 20 minutes of screwing about, I finally found a google page that said "not YET available, but SOON".2) I had a similar problem with my Android phone.  Went to download the chrome browser, and got "Not a Compatible Device"  My smart phone is only 2 years old, so I found it irritating that an ANDROID phone couldn't load a working browser.These two items make it impossible for me to take advantage of one of the key features of the Chromecast.3) Not sure why, but the graphics shown when streaming music from Google Play are REALLY horrible - it looks worse than an 8 bit blurred rendition of the album cover.FINAL NOTESI'm going to hold on to this - I have hopes that compatibility with other apps will improve.  Hopefully, I'll be able to watch my AMAZON PRIME movies on it too - that would be nice...
I don't understand why there are so many mixed reviews. People either love it or hate it. Let me make this clear for all those contemplating on whatever to spend the $35 to buy the chromecast or not.This device is a streaming device for your HDTV and currently can only play content that you can normally watch from a web browser. In this case you have to be able to pull up the content on Google Chrome. Oh and I forgot to mention even though you already have a Chrome browser you would still need to download an extension. To do that just simply perform a search from your Chrome browser and search for "chromecast extension" and it will pull up the extension you need to download. Download it then you'll have a new icon that looks like a wifi signal at the bottom left corner inside a rectangle. At this point any videos you can watch on Google Chrome you can watch on your HDTV.Before buying ask yourself what you're looking for? Don't buy it because its the newest streamer out on the market. What kinds of content are you looking to play on your HDTV?Again, lets be clear, it won't play your iTunes movies right now but it may in the future. It won't play Hulu, or at least from what I know, which isn't too much since I just got mine via google play yesterday. I did not have to wait 2 or 3 months like it says on amazon. What it can do is play all your videos you watch on Chrome.Lets be honest, its 1/4 of the cost of an Apple TV, do you really think that you can replace the Apple TV? It can play a lot as it is right now because you can find nearly every movie or show on the web these days. For example I have dish network and I have hbo go. I can log into hbo go and watch any movie or series on that app. That is enought for me. It serves mine purpose. However there are a lot of movie you can purchase from google play and stream it to the chromecast hence the name chrome-cast. It can act as a mirror of your computer so if you're on a browser and you want a blown up version then run it in chrome and connect to chromecast.I give it 5 stars because it does everything I want it to do. I wished it played directly from my iTunes collection but I'm not mad that it does YET, which I'm sure it may change in the future. I can say this with all honesty that it well worth the $35 and the wait if your patient enough to wait for it or buy it from google play and you'll get it in a couple weeks. I think mine can within 2 weeks which isn't bad considering. I love how small it is because I can hide it behind my TV be thankfully my TV has a USB port and an hdmi port so the TV powers the chromecast.Just get the darn thing, its only $35 and setup is easy. You can set it up like you did with your Apple TV or your airport express or extreme. You can set it up right from you iPhone, ipad, iOS, or windows.
The purpose of this dongle is to stream videos, YouTube, music and more to your TV while you can use your PC, smartphone or tablet as the controller. The hardware that comes with Chromecast is outstanding and to install it was fast and easy. I installed it on my Samsung 60 inch LCD TV and I used my iPad 3 to do it.What's in the Box?* A HDMI to HDMI short extension cable to help plug in the Chromecast dongle into tight places* The Chromecast dongle* The AC wall power supply (I didn't use this as I powered the Chromecast dongle with the included USB cable and plugged it into my TV's USB port to hide the wiring.)* The USB power cable that is 60 inches long.* A brief set of instructionsThis is an excellent product and the installation and set up only took a few minutes. I have a Roku and I thought that the set up was faster and easier than setting up the Roku. The Chrome hardware is excellent quality and the pricing is very good. The Chrome product sells for $35, the Apple TV box sells for $99 and the Roku sells for $49.99 to $99.99 depending on the model that you are buying. Just this week Google released the Chromecast App on the iTunes store to allow you to more easily interface with this product using your Apple iPhone or iPad.To install the device on my TV I plugged in the Chromecast Dongle into an open HDMI port on the TV, plugged in the Micro USB cable into the dongle, and plugged the USB end of the cable into the TV's USB port. I then switched the TV source to show the Chromecast device. The TV screen said Set ME Up and I simply followed the instructions. Within a minute I could stream YouTube, Netflix and Google Play to my TV and I used my iPad as the controller. The transmission of the video was done quickly and the quality of the video was excellent and when the item I was looking at was HD quality the picture was perfect without any glitches or scrambled video.As far as the hardware goes I give the product a 5 star review. It is an excellent concept and it is priced properly. Now the issues regarding video content. You have Apple, Amazon and Google fighting over the ability to stream video and other entertainment items to your TV. You can also throw in Roku as it has the ability to steam many different entertainment media app sources including Amazon Prime and Netflix. Google is behind in the game in providing a lot of content. In addition the Roku and the Apple TV comes with a wireless remote control while Chromecast will use your smart Android or Apple tablet or smartphone. (I hope my battery hold up trying to control my TV.)Once someone has the hardware and is signed up with a video streaming service/system, what is the motivation to change?* Ease of use* Better entertainment content* Lower prices for video content* The ability to stream local TV in HD* The ability to watch your favorite sports events.* Lower prices for hardwareChromecast's weakness it that right now it can only really provide content from Netflix, YouTube and Google. Meanwhile the Roku and Apple systems have a much broader base of entertainment apps and systems to stream from. Right now Amazon and Apple have not shared entertainment apps with Chromecast and this is a major issue for the future of the product. Where and how will Google get more movies, TV shows, news, and sports casts to support their system?While I love the hardware and rate it as a 5 star product the depth of the entertainment available is a 3 star or slightly below. Chromecast has to convince more people to buy into the system and provide a better deal to get more subscribers to their system. There is a lot of innovation in the Chromecast system and perhaps we will see more changes in the streaming entertainment business as it seems to be a major money maker and perhaps an end to the dominance of the cable TV suppliers. We can only hope. I personally am tired of the cable suppliers and their local monopoly and hope that a suitable replacement will be ready soon. Whoever gets the best entertainment in movies, local and national TV and sports will win this battle.Overall the product is at best a four until more apps are available on Chromecast to make it a more enticing option to select for your entertainment.I received a sample product for evaluation and I promised to provide a fair and honest review.
Although this device is still in it's infancy I see limitless potential in the future for thiis little dongle. Google has really outdone themselves this time especially with the price point.The purchase of this gadget is really a no brainer if you purchased this with 3 months of free Netflix. With Netflix running $8 a month this unit essentially is only selling for $11. For what it can do and what it can potentially do in the future, this $11 investment is very miniscule. You'd spend just as much or more on 2 trips to Starbucks, why not put that towards something you can use for much longer?Being able to control YouTube and Netflix with nothing but your TV, Chromecast, Android device and an internet connection is such a convenience, in my opinion. I can't wait until there are more features. The ability to sling the content on your computer from the Chrome browser definitely opens things a bit. With continued support from Google and 3rd party developers, I see a very bright future for this little device.There aren't very many cons about this device. Only cons I can think about relate to the limit 3rd party support it currently has....or lack of, but that's something that will definitely be remedied in due time. It is a very new product.In the past I've used my PS3 to stream media, to connect to Netflix or YouTube but it could be troublesome to navigate with just the on screen keyboard and UI. With this you have all of the control with a very familiar setting that is your Android phone, Android tablet, PC, or iPhone.When you purchase this item it comes with everything you'll need. The device itself, an HDMI extender, and a powered USB cable to power the device itself if your HDMI port is not powered. I guess the only thing you'll need is a TV with an HDMI port. Good thing is that most people who have a TV, do.I think everyone should get one just to experience the convenience and fun factor fo this great media doo-hickey.
The actual functioning of the Google Chromecast is wonderful. I had it hooked up and running in less than 10 minutes. What it does, it does really, really, really well.I'm using a Windows 8 laptop. You have to install an update to Google's Chrome browser, and then use that for accessing web content. When you want to "Chromecast" you just click on the "Chromecast" icon and voila! Whatever you see in your browser you'll see on the screen. Almost everything. Almost. I was able to stream free programming from Hulu (not Hulu Plus), and general web browsing from static pages, to Google Maps or Earth (including street view) all worked great. There is some obvious lag from what you do on your laptop to what you see on the screen so you probably can't use this with your TV as an extra monitor. One negative feature was that though I could see Amazon Prime video on my laptop the Chromecast unit wouldn't show the video on the TV screen.I have an android tablet with Jelly Bean (ver. 4.3) and found the Chromecast experience to be a lot less seamless and a lot more annoying. Basically, you can ONLY use your Chromecast with Youtube, Netflix, and Google Play. A single app is an umbrella interface for three separate apps for accessing those three services. And, currently, no others. Worse, when I tried to play free content from Google Play, I couldn't do that without supplying a credit card number. Yes, you can't see free content unless you register a credit card and that annoyed me.The technical aspects of the Chromecast dongle are top-notch. I'm waiting for the open-source community to come up with work arounds that will eventually allow me to watch anything I can stream on my device through the Chromecast to my TV.A very neat, intriguing product. And annoying. One star off just for that.
So I bought this device thinking it would work with more apps on my iPad then I expected.  It didn't.  So now I want to return it.To be clear, I bought this through Google Play and NOT through Amazon.I love Google, but now I'm completely rethinking this given the following return process:1) Take 10 minutes searching about how to return the item.  On Google...2) Finally find a phone number, call it, and then wait 10 minutes until a rep answers the phone due to "high volume".  That's right, in 2013 when you want to return a Google Chromecast, your only option is to pick up the phone and CALL THEM.  No chat, no email, no page to return my stuff, not even from the original confirmation or Google Wallet that can I find.  What?!?!?!3) I then get a hold of a rep, but she's not in the returns department.  So she sends my request over to that department.4)  Wait another 24-48 hours before I get an email with an RMA and shipping label to return this thing.5) Then I apparently, finally, get to go through all the normal fun of returning an item.Oh, and their return policy is 15 days from the day you get the item.  How customer friendly.And yes, this is all when you purchase from GOOGLE, arguably the greatest technology company at the moment, in the year 2013.  WHAT?!?!  Those of you that ordered from someone that understands eCommerce (Yeah Amazon) where you can actually return stuff at the click of a button (literally), and after 5 years of hundreds of orders only call their customer service department once, consider yourselves lucky.And lastly, Google, I hope that you're searching this Amazon page.  Otherwise there's no way you're fixing this problem.  Because when I told the sales rep that finding how to return an item was the hardest I've experienced from an online retailer, maybe ever, she flat out ignored me.
I'm generally not an early adopter, and the Chromecast reminds me why. Had it cost more, I'd be pretty unhappy and would probably return it. But since it was so cheap and I waited so long to get it (I placed my order a day after it was announced, and got it almost a month later--later orders are even more back ordered), I'll keep it for now. I bought it primarily to watch YouTube on my TV (for things like exercise videos) and to do some web surfing. Having said that, there are a couple of things I would've liked to have known before buying, so I'm listing them here.1) It doesn't work with Windows XP, or, oddly, Macs older than 2011, so beware.2) You can only use the Chrome browser to surf the internet. Perhaps this is obvious, but the thought didn't occur to me. I mostly use Firefox, so I had to download Chrome (only to find out it doesn't work on XP). I haven't had any luck getting it to work with my iPod Touch except through the YouTube app.2a) I got a Win8 computer over the weekend, so now I can use Chrome to chromecast. But even that isn't straight-forward--you have to download the chromecast app to use it. Another extra step.3) The quality of most Youtube videos on a big screen is pretty bad. This wasn't a huge surprise to me, actually, but it was a bit worse than I was expecting. Doing some research, it looks like it doesn't support 1080p streaming. If you're expecting a good picture quality, you're going to be disappointed.4) The setup is more awkward than it needs to be. It doesn't just find your wi-fi then you enter your password, like every other device I've hooked up. You have to change your wi-fi to Chromecast, then it guides you through the process of getting it back to your regular wi-fi. It just seems like an unnecessary step. Once you've got the wi-fi going, figuring out how to "cast" is also not as obvious as it should be. For this, I place the blame entirely on google's pointless move away towards using actual words and replacing them with symbols that may or may not relate to whatever it is you want to do. There's a short video that explains it, but again, if they just used the word "Chromecast" instead of a weird little symbol, the video wouldn't be necessary.I also have a Roku, which I love, and I think that it's a better value overall (the cheapest Roku, which is what I have, is only $5 more than the Chromecast). But the Chromecast has a lot of potential.
You can't beat the price if you need this to do something that some other device you have can't, but for most folks this will add nothing to their Home Theater system they don't already have.This device is good for streaming Netflix, YouTube, Google Music, Google Play Movies/TV, and if you use Chrome Browser on your laptop or computer, it attempts to stream any media in a tab, but it doesn't do that too well (in beta, ya know).If you already have a Roku, TiVo, Google TV, PS3, Apple TV, XBox, or even a recent Smart TV then the only thing this device will do that a couple of those won't is stream your Google Play Music/Movies/TV.The interface is unique and simple for Android phone owners.  Install the Chromecast app on your phone and it scans the network for the Chromecast device, then it lets you "cast" the YouTube/Netflix/whatever to the television.  The streaming is handled by the Chromecast over its own network connection, but the phone is used as the remote control.  Just control the video stream on the phone the same way you always have, but the video on the TV is controlled.  I actually found this more tedious than just using a remote control for my GoogleTV/TiVo/PanasonicVT50 apps.After the initial, wow, a cool new, very affordable Google product enthusiasm wore off, I found myself not using this anymore and just went back to the GoogleTV for playing YouTube and the host of other useful things like PodCast apps that it offers.  Perhaps when the Chromecast adds some more features it will be useful for those who aren't already connected with some other much more capable device.I did find one small usefulness for one of my three Chromecasts:  I had an HDMI-compatible 1080P 24" computer monitor I wasn't using.  I plugged the Chromecast into it and now can play some limited videos on it, but with no way to hook up external speakers, it needs to be in a quiet room.
While somewhat minimal, it does exactly what it promises and excels at it. I've switched almost entirely from an amalgam of Apple TV + Xbox to just the Chromecast. As a heavy Android user, it was a relief to finally have some sort of unified experience. The fractured media management landscape was a thorn in my side which I'm happy to be rid of, even if it does not alter my life radically for the better.One unexpected perk is that the Chromecast can switch on your TV and switch over to its port whenever you activate it on your phone or computer. I'm told any HDMI above a certain spec can do this, but none of my other electronics have taken advantage of this feature.Chromecast is a platform, so it's not limited to the initial offering though, as of this review, no more big names have officially come out and said they are developing for the Chromecast SDK. In all fairness, I'm not sure that it's finalized. Hopefully the large number of sales are tantalizing enough to gain widespread support for the device.If you've been reading review around the internet, much has been made about the fact that, in practice, the dongle has a couple attachments you'll probably need for the device to work (such as USB power), but if you have anything more than a very small HDMI television, you probably won't have much issue with aesthetics. If you have a television with the very latest HDMI spec, the dongle will work in the way it looks in advertisements.My main complaint is that it has no Hulu support yet, but I'm not docking stars since that wasn't promised. I'd also like to display my own pictures and local video, though it seems an official solution to the latter is in the works. Hopefully content providers will recognize the Android market is pretty big now, and that they could make a fair bit of money by supporting the device.
First of all, let's get this out of the way. No, this isn't a Roku or Apple TV. It's not even a Google TV. But that's fine. This tiny device does what it is designed for, and it does it well.Setup was a breeze. Just plug it into the TV, grab the Chromecast app on your Android device, and you're essentially done. The two devices will find each other, then you'll be asked for a few basics to finish the setup process (wireless network settings, naming your Chromecast, etc.). That's it. No complicated menus. No sliders, buttons, widgets, or whatnots to mess with.Once it's ready to go, operation from an Android device is simple and nearly seamless (assuming you have a recent enough device - the Droid Bionic, for example, doesn't use the version of Netflix with the chromecast button). Being able to search Netflix and YouTube straight from a phone or tablet and then throw it up on the TV is awesome. Sure, you can do those things on a PS3, Xbox, etc., but that involves a clunky on-screen keyboard or an extra peripheral to worry about charging. Google Play integration is a nice bonus as well. You don't even have to login to any service since you're already connected on your phone.Best of all, Chromecast streams directly from the internet, freeing up your phone for other things. Once you've told it what to play, Chromecast happily goes on about its business whether your phone stays connected or not. There are ways to make Chromecast play local media, and that's the one place that it can choke depending on your wireless network. But, as I said before, it's not designed to be an Apple TV.It's still early, so there aren't a lot of apps that offer Chromecast integration yet, but it's coming. And at $35 (or $11, essentially, if you were lucky enough to snag one of the Netflix promotions), it's not a deal-breaker to have limited support out of the gate. Hulu, Pandora, and HBO (to name a few) should all be coming shortly, which certainly makes the price look even better.I would absolutely buy a Chromecast again if I had a need for another, even at the full $35. And I would definitely recommend it to anyone with an Android device (I can't speak for the Apple side of things) who is interested in streaming any sort of media to their TV.
In one word the Chromecast is developing. It is a fantastic solution for those with good wifi and a Netflix addiction. It is super simple to pull up the netflix app on your device of choice, connect it to the Chromecast and select your video. It all automagiclly appears on your TV! The only drawbacks for me so far (and these are sure to be fixed): It needs more content available, it needs to auto play Netflix tv episodes and youtube playlists, and last it needs to be able to stream local content from a Laptop or mobile device. There are a few developers out there that are working on the content issues, and I am very confident that google is working on the playlists. My only regret in buying one of these was only buying one! for $35 I should have gotten three for all the TVs in the house and for my girlfriend.On another note, I am not sure how well one of these will work with a network such as you'd find at a Hotel or on a College campus where it is open and the authentication takes place after connecting to the server through a browser, I will be looking at this aspect in about a week when I have access to both types of networks. The only other problem I can foresee is that if someone is connected to the network they can connect to your chromecast. Much like Glass Google seems to have forgotten to include some sort of password or pin protection to this device from the start, it is likely however that this will change in the future as Google further develops the SDK and development really takes off and becomes available to the public.In short if you are unsure of whether to buy one of these don't. You should buy three. They are fantastic and simple, exactly what has been lacking in this niche market. Its not a powerhouse, it wont stream Hulu, Amazon, or HBO Go (Yet...) but its also only a month old and the Hardware will support it. As Google gets more support from Amazon, HBO and the like more content will become available. So stop reading reviews and go hit that Add to Cart button, you will not regret it.
Loving this device!  Basically, if you are looking for an easy way to get Netflix to your TV set (without having to go through an Xbox (pay wall $/month), ps4, or a kludgy blue-ray player), this is it.This solves a big problem in our house, as we got tired of paying extra $ each month for Xbox live just so we could get to the Netflix app on the device.  Plus the Xbox has an incredibly kludgy interface, patches galore (my time is theirs to waste), and the Netflix app at our house takes two or three tries before it will actually work.We also tried Netflix through a Sony blue ray player, but man is it slow (and has another really kludgy interface.It's only $35, and connects via the HDMI port.  It needs power, so if your TV has a USB port, you can hook it in there, otherwise you'll need to run it to wall power (all connectors included).You also need a wireless router in the house.  The router must have internet access.  You'll also need a computer with a wireless connection to that router to set up the chromecast (which is very simple).  Once it is set up, you can then stream Netflix (YouTube, and chrome) to your TV.  You control the chromecast through remote devices like iOS (iPhone, iPad), android, or pc (via chrome).  Basically, you load up Netflix, and then select something to watch, and where to watch it.  Once you select the chromecast, it will send the movie to your TV.  All standard controls (stop, pause, rewind, etc.) are on the remote device.  The remote device isn't actually streaming the movie, so it can be used for other things.There are a few possible issues that might affect you:1) The unit is completely self-contained, so if you want to output the audio to a stereo system, you're going to have to see if you can do that through your TV.  I haven't tried this yet (my TV only has L/R audio out), and the HDMI standard may not even let you run analog audio out.  If you try this, let me know.2) There is no HDMI pass-through, so if you are already using the HDMI port for something else (cable input, whatever), then you'll have to have another free HDMI port on the TV, or get an HDMI muxer of some kind.3) If you do get an HDMI muxer that has auto-switch capability it probably won't auto-switch.  Auto-switching muxers try to automatically change the input source to the first available "ON" unit in a series.  This is supposed to prevent you having to manually switch between inputs.  However, this only works if devices truly shut off their HDMI output to the TV.  I don't think the chromecast ever turns off, so it will always appear to be on.  If your other HDMI device(s) do fully turn off, you should be ok.  For us, we have chromecast + Dish, and both devices are always sending a signal to the TV, so the auto-switch muxer we have has to have its input manually changed.4) You need a fair bit of room for this thing to fit on the HDMI port.  It sticks out about 2 1/2" from the port.  The power port is on the back of the unit, and requires at least another 1-2" inches of clearance.  So if you've got your TV mounted flush up against a wall and your TV HDMI port is on the back, you might have clearance issues.  If the HDMI port is on the side of the TV, you might see the chromecast unit+cables sticking out.5) Not sure if the Netflix stream is high definition or not - haven't really checked into that.
I love it! Simple to set up ... it sets itself up really. You should download chrome browser. I use safari on a mac but that isn't supported. I just use chrome for the chromcast dongle, not for anything else. Anyway, it gives you the option of netflix or youtube, or google play. There are more options promised. What I like about it is that it 'casts' your movie or video, or whatever to the device via the cloud so you're not dependent on the device your casting from ... like your laptop. When it's finished casting which is like 20 seconds for a whole movie you can shut off your laptop and watch the movie. Whenever I set up my laptop to the tv with cables in the past I had to keep my laptop on and open and would get quite hot after a 2 hour movie. With the chrome cast - no wires. I can't use it with my iPhone, ipad yet. They are working on apps for that. It does work with Android though. I read it somewhere. I must say that you have to have wireless, but most have that anyway these days. I'm glad I bought it... and it came with 3 months netflix which is a good incentive ... paid for the dongle actually. I will certainly carry on with Netflix. It can also also stream your screen while you're working on it. Not much point I know but I guess you can share games and stuff doing that. I can go to crackle.com on my laptop and cast a movie from there onto the dongle too. Anything. Another thing I like is that if someone wants to watch a movie, and I don't like it or get bored, I can work on my laptop while it's playing on the tv. Google is really the way to go and it can only get better. I have Roku and wdtv, but I'm going to sell those and keep things simple. You won't regret getting it. OBTW I had to wait a while for mine because they are selling like hot cakes on a cold morning.
Setup required a little router tweak--my router only broadcasts the UPnP every half hour or so, so it took some time for Chromecast and the router to find each other enough to allow setup, but after that it was utterly brainless to set up.Netflix is flawless. Youtube is perfect. I have all three wireless devices (desktop computer, television, router) within 15 feet of each other with super strong connections, and Cast-this-tab worked GREAT on Hulu plus as long as I wasn't downloading or streaming anything massive. Occasionally sound and video would get a tiny bit out of sync, I'd pause the playback on Hulu, wait for it to catch up and then play again and it would correct--unlike many applications where once the sound is out of sync, you are out of luck.This has given our TV new life. I can now watch a video and do full-screen applications at the same time, which my kids are very happy about. Right now I'm leaving a review while my son watches our muppet playlist on Youtube, snuggling next to me.Adding this to my list of things that do not suck.Oh, we lost connection once (probably the router's fault) and turning the TV off and back on fixed it completely.We don't have cable and pretty much only used the TV for video games until my eldest moved out, so it's been unused for nearly a year. It really is bringing new life to our tv.Warning: The $35 pricetag is great...but it may end up with you buying new furniture, hiring electricians to put plug sockets in new places, and that isn't cheap....Addendum: I've knocked a star off. With use, bugs have cropped up. Netflix does not always load consistently, Youtube has issues with more than 30 items in a playlist. Extensive troubleshooting has not yet resolved these issues, but we've found some workarounds (reboots, opening up the app and finding the chromecast seems to "kick" it into gear). They're going to be replacing it soon, and we'll see if that helps.
First, a quick recap: Chromecast is a $35 streaming dongle that plugs into your TV's HDMI port. You can use it to stream online videos from YouTube, Netflix and elsewhere, and use your computer, mobile phone or tablet as a remote control. It doesn't have any kind of separate app store or user interface on your TV - everything gets controlled from the PC or mobile device. The key word here is control: Your phone doesn't stream videos directly to your Chromecast dongle. Instead, it just tells the device which video it should stream from the cloud. That means that you can use your phone for something else, or even turn it off, once the stream starts. This kind of remote control capability only works with apps and sites that directly support Chromecast. In addition to that, users can also stream any web content directly from their computer's Chrome browser, as long as they have a special Chrome extension installed.I set up Chromecast three times: First, with a unit loaned from Google in my office, then with the same device at home and finally with a Chromecast I bought for my own use. Doing so taught me that the setup can be remarkably easy if you follow Google's directions and download the setup app on your computer or mobile device. I chose to ignore these recommendations, tried to set up the device with my Nexus 7's Chrome browser and got stuck. Go figure. But enough of the complaining. Just get those apps, and the setup is literally done in two minutes. Just plug the dongle into your TV, connect it to a power source (I'd recommend not using your TV's USB port but the extra charger that comes with the device; more on that later.) and fire up the app on your computer or mobile device. Enter the password of your local Wi-Fi network, and you're all set.Chromecast is a great device for Netflix viewing: Streams look as good as on any other device I've tested, and I actually found that navigating the Netflix catalog on my computer or mobile device worked much better for me than on a connected device. Also cool: A friend of mine came over, took out her iPhone, connected to our Wi-Fi network, and streamed something to our TV using her Netflix account. No complicated account switching was necessary. It's a small thing, but the fact that the dongle isn't tied to a single Netflix account makes it a whole lot easier to enjoy movie night with friends. The one feature I missed from Netflix on Chromecast was the same kind of post-play experience Netflix is now offering on other devices. The next episode of a show doesn't start automatically, forcing you to instead bust out your phone again and manually select what to watch next.The other major use case for Chromecast right now is YouTube, and I streamed my fair share of videos from that site in the last few weeks as well. Overall, streaming worked once again really well, and even more than with Netflix, I quickly found this setup to work much better for my needs than YouTube's TV app on other connected devices. I did find a few things that YouTube could do to improve the experience. First, beaming videos to Chromecast from your PC is currently only supported if you are on YouTube.com, and not if the video is embedded in a third-party website. That means that even on Google+, you need to click through to YouTube.com before you can start watching on the big screen. Also, YouTube's mobile app currently has a neat feature that allows you to add videos to a queue of things to be played next on TV, something that you can even do with multiple devices at the same time - think YouTube party. However, there's no support to queue up videos from the Chrome browser yet. In one or two cases, I ran into issues of videos giving me "unsupported video format" error messages, but overall, playback was pretty smooth. I even played back an entire VOD movie from YouTube.com via Chromecast without any issues - and this was the first time it really made sense to me to pay for a video on YouTube.As mentioned before, Chromecast does offer the ability to stream a tab from your PC's Chrome browser straight to your TV. This is similar to screen sharing in a teleconference, meaning that the browser captures everything in a new video - something that is quite resource-intensive, and even on my 2012 Macbook Pro led to a few performance warnings when streaming video. The idea behind this screencasting feature is to enable you to stream anything that's not available through a native app yet. I tried it with a few Hulu streams, and while it worked, it definitely degraded the quality to a more VHS-like experience, complete with a few skips every now and then. I found that it worked well enough to watch animated fare like the Simpsons, but that it was a bit too painful for shows I'd rather watch in HD on a Hulu Plus-capable device. I also tried to play a few local videos by simply dropping them onto the Chrome browser tab, and experienced similar mixed results. This may be acceptable if you don't have any other way to get local videos onto the TV, but it's definitely not great, which is why Google still calls this feature beta. Luckily, there are a number of apps in the works that will enable you to play local content without compromising on picture quality. I did on occasion use the browser-based streaming to listen to music from Rdio.com via the browser, which was far less taxing on my Macbook, and the Rdio player actually looked quite nice on the TV. However, even with this, I occasionally encountered some weird glitches, including changes in tempo for a second or two.
I wanted to stream Netflix on my older 50" 720p plasma TV, and this little gadget fits the bill perfectly for a low cost. It requires a microUSB cable (provided) to power it, which can be plugged into either a USB port on your TV if available, or into a 120v wall adapter (also provided). It cannot be powered directly from the HDMI port alone, even if you have an MHL-HDMI port (source: Anandtech.com).We already have a Roku 2 XS in our living room, which does a considerable bit more than the Chromecast. But it's bigger and bulkier, it costs more, and it does a lot more than what we actually need. If the Chromecast ever gets Amazon Instant Video and Hulu Plus added to it, it will be our perfect little bedroom player. It can already play videos from those sources through a Chrome tab, but you need a desktop or laptop computer to supply that to the Chromecast; you can't currently cast a Chrome tab from your smartphone. Hulu and HBO are already working on getting their apps added to the Chromecast according to various online news sources, as well. Also, for Amazon/Prime Instant Video being cast from a Chrome tab, make sure you are using Flash as your video plug-in for Amazon and not Silverlight, as Silverlight (and Quicktime) videos can't be cast from a Chrome tab to the Chromecast. If you are already using Silverlight (you'll know when the video won't cast properly), the solution is to go into your browser and disable the Silverlight plug-in in your settings. Then reload the Amazon video page and choose Flash as the player when it prompts you. Once you have done that, you can then re-enable Silverlight in your browser settings.One thing I like about the Chromecast over the Roku 2 XS is the Netflix loading screens. You get a nice big cover image of the show (like a DVD's cover art; not just a still image grabbed from the playback) with the name of the episode on it instead of just looking at a loading bar. Incredibly slick, to say the least.The use of a smartphone to control the device may seem a bit off-putting at first, but since we already have our smartphone by our side nearly all the time, it's nice not having to worry about an extra remote. If you've ever used the YouTube-to-XBox360 streaming feature, the Chromecast works exactly the same; you start up the video app on your phone, and then you click the little TV icon and it transfers over the streaming duties from your phone to the Chromecast. A big plus to this method is that it truly does TRANSFER the duties over; your phone does not act as a middle-man, but rather, the Chromecast connects and steams directly through your wifi with its own video app, and your phone just switches into remote control mode.I highly recommend picking up this device if you currently have a non-smart HDTV that you'd like to add Netflix, YouTube, and Google Play Video capabilities to it for a low cost ($35 at the time of this review). It's hard to go wrong for this price, especially with a Google product that has the potential for so much more capability down the road still.
I thought Chromecast was going to be great.I bought Chromecast to upgrade the Android stick that I currently use.  I thought that Chromecast would relegate my AppleTV to the never use anymore pile.Unfortunately, out of the box there were problems.  I wasted a lot of time trying to get Chromecast to connect to my modern Linksys router.  Chromecast does not have a USB slot to connect a wired ethernet adapter like my Android stick.  I thought my problem had to do with WiFi reception.  Instead, it turns out that Chromecast does not support long passwords!  Google this for the gory details.  I have not seen a basic problem like this in quite some time.My choice was to then change the password on my many devices or get another router to only work with Chromecast.  So I pull an old Apple Airport Express out of the heap and setup another network with a nice short password that Chromecast will like.  Unfortunately, I will have to switch my Google phone and Google tablet to this separate network every time I want to beam something to the Chromecast.Unfortunately, another problem arose.  The Google Nexus 4 and Google Nexus 7 won't connect to this new network.Searching around, I find a Google Chromecast FAQ saying that they have a problem with Airport Express and to downgrade the firmware!Ok, I just want to get something to work so I pull out my laptop and install the Chromecast software.  I then switch the laptop to the Chromecast-only wifi network and I finally see some YouTube video on the TV.Unfortunately, there is no sound!What a hassle at this point.  Talk about an out-of-the box experience.  Is Chromecast another Google "beta" headed for early retirement?So I call Google Support which is conveniently 24x7.  Unfortunately, their technicians are not really well trained and have never heard of the password problem or sound issue.  They aren't allowed to Google the web to even understand the issues.  They don't have 2nd level support to escalate the problem to senior people.Until these basic issues are fixed the Chromecast is just a pretty screensaver on one of my HDMI inputs.AppleTV remains the workhorse and the Android stick that I bought on Amazon is 2nd choice.
The advertising for the Chromecast makes it appear that you can quickly and easily move anything you are looking at on your cell phone or laptop to your TV.  However, thats not even close to true.  You can watch a YouTube video on you TV from the phone or laptop but when that video ends the Chromecast disconnects.  You have to send each YouTube video you watch to the Chromecast and let it reconnect.. EVERY SINGLE TIME.I have had very good luck watching Netflix from my cell phone, no interruptions, excellent picture quality, but thats about the only thing I can use this for.  I have a horrible connection from my laptop to the Chromecast so I cant use it at all.  Finding the option to use the Chromecast from the laptop was another chore.  The instructions make it seem like you just plug and play, but nope, thats not true for the laptop. If you want to use the laptop you must download Google Chrome, but then it still wont work.  You have to find "extentions" and download the cast extention which then gives you the option to watch either YouTube or Netflix from the laptop on the TV.The idea that you can watch anything is no where near reality.  You have 3 choices; YouTube, Netflix or Google media items you have purchased. You can't see any of your photos on the TV, you cant watch any home videos you have on the phone, you cant see any documents, nothing. You should be able to play your music but not a single one of my hundreds of music files were compatible with the Chromecast, so the music doesnt work for me either.I can use it to watch one YouTube video at a time, reconnecting after each clip, and also use it to watch Netflix, but thats it.  For $35 I say it is worth the convenience of Netflix via cell phone, but I wish I had known all this before I bought it.Had it been advertised as just a "Netflix by phone" product I probably would have purchased it and been thrilled with it!  Instead I feel let down and am embarrassed that I told so many people I had purchased what I thought was going to be a TV-room life changing product.  It's not.  It just makes Netflix a little more convenient.
Chromecast does everything it is advertised to do and does it well.Setup is easy.  Plug the dongle into a HDMI port, power it via a mini-USB which can either go to a USB port on the TV or if you don't have one it comes with a wall unit.  Anything you use to charge a phone will work nicely.Set the TV to the proper port, then you can do the initial setup with any device.  You'll need to download the chromecast app for phone, tablet or pc.  First time through it will see the unit and prompt you to enter your wifi information.  Once it's on your wifi network, any of your devices can see it.You'll need to update to the latest version of Google Play, YouTube, Netflix and any other app that comes along with support for it (HBOGo in the works).  Then you need the Chromecast extension for the Chrome browser.  From there, anytime you want to display something on the TV instead of local screen just click a small chromecast icon within the app.It's that simple, everything works great, quality is fine.There are some limitations though...1) There's not yet an app I'm aware of to stream local media.  I know of at least a couple of these in the works.  Anything you can view thru Chrome will of course work, but Chrome's playback of local files tends to be limited and of iffy quality.  Another work around would be a plex server and point Chrome at that.  Quality again may suffer, and at this point you're talking about something you do not want to talk your mom or granny through in terms of setup.2) The chrome extension is only available on desktop.  The mobile versions do not yet have it.  Again, I have to think google would be working on this one.3) The wifi setup currently doesn't take into account the potential need for browser based logins to many (most?) hotspots.  This puts a real damper on the idea of using it in a hotel for instance.  Note that competing devices such as Roku and AppleTV will have this same issue.  Don't expect hotels to solve it for you as they'd rather you use their PPV entertainment options.Despite the limitations above, this product is a no-brainer for $35 if you want to utilize your TV as a display for any of your devices.
First off, I have been a professional developer for almost 25 years. I've seen the sausage being made for so long that I am accepting of minor issues because I realize the technical challenges that exist and that seeming ruin a device/service for most people. The Chromecast is an amazing device for what it can do, what it costs, and what it will do in the future.What it can do:Stream web content from Netflix, YouTube, Google Play. It can also mirror a your Chrome browser. That's it. Don't expect local media files unless you have some skills and want to play around with someone else's add-on project, or want to roll one of your own. Currently the best experience will be for those with Android phones/tablets. I've used mine with a Galaxy Nexus, a 2013 Nexus 7, and an iPhone 4. All worked as advertised. I understand though that device setup is not currently possible from iOS. I didn't try this, but once setup I was able to initiate a stream using YouTube on iOS.What it costs:$35. For that price nothing else compares. If you want something more capabil get a Roku3. It's $99 and does a lot more (thus the ~3x price).What is will do:This is the cool part for me and why I keep ordering more units. Google has published an open API and is encouraging developers and content companies to develop for the device. There are already many 3rd party projects out there is extend the capabilities of the Chromecast. From Pandora support to local files streaming to desktop mirroring and more. Some may knock Google for their recent shuttering of many useful products and services (BRING BACK LATITUDE!) but they've done the right this here by making a really simple device and then publishing an API so anyone can extend it.I've knocked off one star not because of the device itself, but because Google hasn't done enough to explain the limitations of the Chromecast. Thus too many people are getting it and are confused about what it can/can't do. This is a Gen1 device and it should be understood that there are rough edges and features that are still being tweaked.Final though - If you are a Netflix subscriber and have an Android phone this should be an automatic buy, just wait until a couple more of mine have shipped. :)
Pros: It's cheap. That's the only reason it gets 2 instead of 1 star.Cons:1. It sucks.2. If you stream youtube from your smartphone (I have the Nexus 4, which is currently the best Google-designed android available), the chromecast glitches out if you try to change what you're watching, or even stop what you're watching. Even after closing youtube, it continues to play on the TV.3. When you stream from your computer (I have a very powerful laptop with a 3rd generation ivy-bridge Core i7 processor), the video and sound are often not in sync, and the video gets choppy, despite the router, laptop, and chromecast being in the same room.4. The chromecast software on google chrome constantly glitches and either fails to stream, or streams but doesn't stop streaming when you tell it to.5. It does not stream in 1080p. Maximum is 720p.6. It ONLY streams from chrome, so if you have videos or music on your computer, it won't stream that.7. It won't stream Pandora from your phone.8. It WILL NOT stream music or video from your phone's memory!!!! It will ONLY stream music you have on the google play cloud. So if you put MP3s on your phone, it won't let you play them. You must first upload all your music to the google play cloud, then stream it to listen to it, which means using up your bandwidth and data.So it doesn't stream pandora from your phone or play music directly off your phone, which severely limits its usefulness if you just want to put on some music while wandering around the house.9. There is a 1-2 second delay between your computer actions and video compared to the stream on the TV. So when you tell it to stream to the tv, you have to turn off your laptop screen to avoid being distracted by two different videos, and your mouse movements and scrolling have a long delay before the TV shows what you did.OVERALL conclusion,I REALLY badly wanted to like this device, but it is very clear that Google rushed it and released an unfinished, unrefined product. Very disappointing.I am going to return it.
I got this on a whim when it was released for the reasons many have stated, like low price and streaming capabilities. Sadly I had to wait almost a month for it to arrive. One has to wonder why big companies come out with something that is supposed to be revolutionary and then don't build inventory before the initial release.Anyway. I got it and plugged it into my fairly new LG 55 inch TV only to find that I need to use the power adapter, apparently my 2 year old $2000 TV doesn't have the powered HDMI ports. Oh well no big deal, once I plugged in the power cord to the device and mains it was recognized and I set my TV to that input. It instructs you to log in on your computer or device to set everything up. That is when I found out that my main desktop computer that I use 99% of the time at home will not work with this device because I connect to my home network with a network cable instead of Wifi. I do have Wifi but mainly use it for my smartphone, tablet the occasional times I use my laptop at home. So I powered up the laptop only to realize I don't have Chrome installed as I use Firefox. Downloaded Chrome and waited for my slow laptop to do all of the Windows updates as I hadn't switched it on in awhile. Finally logged into the Chromecast setup site using the Chrome browser only to find that Windows Vista is not a supported OS! This kind of sucks!So I power up my Asus Transformer tablet and go to the Google storefront and download the Android App. Finally I open the app and do the setup and log into the Chromecast device on my TV. Wow, I am finally connected after just 45 minutes :(So, I try to figure out what I can do. Maybe I will listen to some music from my collection. I open Google Play and try to play some albums only to find it the device does not stream music from my tablet but only from the few things I have in the cloud.I had hoped that this device would me to stream from my main computer to the TV, looks like it will not do that.Next I opened my YouTube app on the tablet and was able to stream some videos from their to the TV. Not bad if the YouTube video you want to watch is of a high enough quality to look good on a 55 inch TV screen but if not it will look rather blurry.I don't have a Neflix account and  my TV already has streaming capabilities for that and VUDU built in.I can see some uses for this device but I am really glad I did not shell out any more then I did.UPDATED REVIEW 9/21/2013Well to my surprise Amazon sent me the Neflix free 3 month offer so I did get something not expected. I ended up moving it to one of the HDMI ports on my new Onkyo stereo system and that seems better than when it was just in the TV input. Now I can easily listen to music I have since added to my Cloud space. I think this would be a plus if I travel.In reassessing my initial review I have raised my rating to 4 stars.
First off, heads up.  For some reason, reviews from other products are being aggregated here.  That's why you see so many low ratings.I'm giving it a 5/5.  The thing cost me 35 dollars, and came with 3 months of Netflix.  It took a month to ship, but it was well worth the wait.Set-up:1.  Very easy, plug it in, and make sure to plug the micro USB jack to a power source (power outlet, or TV's powered USB port).  The adapters/cables are included (HDMI extender, micro USB cable, and power adapter).2.  You then visit the Chromecast setup website using a wireless device (laptop or smartphone).  It will detect the Chromecast, and allow you to link it to your wireless network.3.  Install the Chromecast extension (laptop), or the Chromecast app (phone), and you're good to go.  An icon pops up that lets you "cast" or "beam" whatever is in your immediate browser tab (Chrome) or app (phone) to the Chromecast-TV.Additional info:You can change additional settings by using the Chromecast extension, it will ask you if you want to stream via 720p or 720p+, as well as various wide-screen adjustments.Examples of websites I was able to stream: Netflix, Youtube, Twitch, Google.com, and Wimp.com (basically anything openable in a Chrome tab).Example of an app I streamed from the phone: Youtube.I currently have a Roku ($40), which is primarily used for Netflix, Twitch, and local media.  Streaming is dependent on the channel already existing in the Roku library.On the Chromecast, you can also play local video/music files by opening them with Chrome.  There is also a third party app being developed that lets you do this with a phone app.  So the functionality replicates the Roku, however the Chromecast has the advantage of streaming any content that can be full-screened within Chrome.For my uses, it doesn't get any better than this.  5/5 stars, well done GOOG.
I did order on July 24th well before the promo cutoff of 5:30 PM EST on July 25.http://www.amazon.com/gp/feature.html/ref=pe_424060_31534320_pe_button/?docId=1001297671&ie;=UTF8I still wish I didn't order at all.The device was not to ship for another week.It arrived. It is small, but not exactly what was expected.It requires a usb cable to power it. But you never see the USB cable in any of the marketing for the device.I guess I thought that the USB cable would be for charging purposes only - sort of like a cell phone. Not a requirement to always be plugged in.But that was probably more my mistake and misunderstanding than the Chromecast.There was no coupon for the Netflix trial. After scrounging around, I finally hit upon a website from chromecast that stated that the tril promotion would be emailed within one week of shipping.Well, it didn't.I tried the chromecast with an iPhone and iPad. Doesn't work. They are working on it. ???? Why advertise that it works from an iPad, when it doesn't?I tried it with chrome. it was a worse experience than simply attaching an hdmi cable.Why bother?The app support is in its infancy. The device support is in its infancy.The promo or Netflix does not work.The device is not worth the $35.00Save your money and get a Roku or even an Apple TV.As for the Netflix promo, I finally called Amazon Customer service and they said that they would turn this over to marketing to get my code shipped within 1 day.I then asked for a promotional credit instead for the $23.97 value that the Netflix promo was worth. After placing me on hold. The polite customer service representative placed a $30.00 credit on my Amazon account.The one star goes to the Chromecast. It is a piece of junk.I will give Amazon customer service 4 stars for turning around and honoring my request for a credit to my account instead of simply getting the Netflix promo coupon.
For starters this is brand new equipment with all of the associated opportunities and challenges that come with something new. You better pay careful attention to the supported operating systems because Chromecast will not play well with older systems and the iphone app is not yet available regardless of whether or not you have iOS6 or higher.Around our house we have a laptop running Windows XP, a desktop running Windows Vista Ultimate, a desktop running Windows 7 and an iPhone that is up to date. The iPhone will sort of work without the app and the desktop with Windows 7 works but does not have a wireless connection and the others will not work with Chromecast. I use an Ethernet connection on my computers which has a wireless access point for the wireless devices.Setting up Chromecast for me was not a plug and play experience. I suspect with the app it might have been but the Windows 7 desktop was not connected to the Wi-Fi and the laptop which was wouldn't work because it was using Windows XP. I was faced with the problem of setting it up via a browser in the iPhone sans app and it took some doing on my part.Plugging the Chromecast into the TV was simple; it requires a power source in addition to the HDMI plug-in offers the option of a USB connection to the TV or a transformer connection to a wall plug. Fortunately my TV offered a USB connection next to the available HDMI input so that worked very smoothly.Once the TV had found the Chromecast, which was simply done, the screen showed the Chromecast home screen with the word Chromecast and a number following which identified the device for Wi-Fi connection purposes. I had to set up a temporary Wi-Fi network to complete the settings on the Chromecast.Using the iPhone browser I was able to set up the Chromecast to use the regular Wi-Fi network in the house but had to put in the username and password for it to work. Once this was done I switched the iPhone from the temporary Chromecast network back to the regular household Wi-Fi network and it then found the Chromecast device on my TV.So far I have done some video streaming from You Tube with great success and really look forward to getting the iPhone app when it finally is available. I have no idea how long that will take. There are only very brief summary instructions in the box and it is necessary to go online to get more complete information.One other point is the absolute necessity of a Chrome browser, Chromecast will only work with a Chrome browser as far as I can tell.The bottom line on all of this is the Chromecast seems to be a very useful tool but it's new and may present some setup problems. It took me around three hours to learn, experiment, and finally setup the Chromecast but I'm just a regular guy, no computer expert here. It will probably go a lot faster if you have the appropriate app for your Smartphone or have Windows 7 connected wirelessly to your network.
So we managed to get a ChromeCast unit.  I was slightly apprehensive based on some of the other 1 star reviews here, but after playing with it for a few hours, I am totally satisfied and glad we purchased this unit.  First of all, we have an HDTV but from the era before 'smart' TV's.  Second, we don't have a cable or satellite TV Provider.. (ie: I'm not paying $100 a month for anything).  We do enjoy watching Netflix.Tech... -The setup was easy.  It just worked.  Simple.  Follow the directions printed in the box.  You plug it into the HDMI port on the TV.  Then you plug it into a power source.  Switch the TV Input to see it on the screen, it says Hello!.  On your computer you go to the web url and it asks you to download a small bit of software.  You run it, it auto configures everything.  You give it the wifi password.  Done. Chromecast app from the Play store on the android devices and it works.  Neflix and Youtube apps now have a button to cast to the tv.  Nothing complicated at all.  We have a PC with Google Chrome as a browser, and we have a Nexus 7 tablet, a Samsung Galaxy Tab 7 (v2), and Samsung Galaxy Nexus phone devices.Tabcasting- So you can cast from the tab in google chrome.  This works great, and the resolution is good too.  No stuttering, no chop, sound is in sync with the video.  Drag and drop movies into chrome, cast that onto the big screen too.  at 720P, it looks great.  The picture is smooth and defined, no pixelation, no chop, sound is once again in sync.  This is with 720p 256-512bps AVI files.  (you know, the ones that are on average 1gig in size per movie).Specs - Google indicates that the device is 1080p capable, but for tab casting there are 3 options, 480p, 720p, and 720p high bitrate.  Note, this is FOR TABCASTING.  Youtube videos and Netflix content are directly streamed by the device and the HD content streams in HD.  Youtube content sometimes starts out at a low res (blurry, w/ lots of huge pixels) but as the stream buffers it steps up the bitrate to the native resolution the content was filmed in.The secret...  We don't have bandwidth issues.  We have high speed internet with a 20mb down speed on a DOCSIS 3 protocol router with 4 channel upstream bonding.  So streaming Netflix in HD to 5 devices at the same time does not cause our bandwidth to suffer.  So Rule #1.. you NEED to have quality internet.  The other half is just as important.  We don't rent a crappy modem with wifi AP... We own our modem, and we own our Wifi Router.  We have a Linksys E3200, so nothing fancy, BUT it is a simultaneous dual band 802.11n capable router serving 7 or 8 devices at any given time.  So we have good bandwidth distribution, the router is located centrally, and half of the devices are n capable, a third of those are dual band capable or operate on the 5ghz band, and the rest of the devices are 802.11g on 2.4ghz... This means the data can get there efficiently and there is no bottleneck.The Chromecast device is 2.4ghz 802.11 b/g/n... so having a strong wifi network is important.Overall, TOTALLY worth it.  Costs less than a Roku, and allows control at your fingertips from anywhere on the network.  I can start a Netflix video on my phone, and while i'm sitting somewhere else, pick up a tablet, any tablet, and am able to pause the netflix video or change the cast stream.Looking forward to more Chromecast apps, but totally satisfied with what we have.
When I heard about the Chromecast dongle and the Netflix deal (which is no longer available due to initial demand), I readily hopped on, bought my device from the Google Play store and received my Netflix code for 3 months.  This made it a no-brainer for me.  As an owner of a Roku device, I knew there was going to be some overlap for services but I wanted to try it anyway.  Truly, for the most part (besides some stability issues with my Nexus 4) I have been nothing but impressed.I am streaming multiple ways from different devices:1) Google White Nexus 4 Phone Limited Edition 8gb - Unlocked running Android's latest OS Jellybean 4.32) Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 (16GB, White)3) Macbook Pro 13" running Mountain LionOut of all of my devices, I prefer to run Chromecast from my Galaxy tablet as this appears to be the most stable.  The picture quality is excellent and with our current Internet connection (which is fast at 50 up and 5 down), streaming does not seem to run into many delays.  It's fun to watch YouTube on a larger screen through this device.  Currently it only supports Netflix, YouTube and Google movies.  But Hulu, Vimeo and Instant RedBox are in the process of getting onboard with Chromcast.  One of the coolest features about this device is that once your start streaming, you are free to use your device any way you want to.  Once the stream is going you can check email, surf the web, etc .... the cast is already happening and is taking place in the background.  This technology kind of blows my mind.  :-)Set up is a breeze with guidance and good feedback through the entire process.  In under 5 minutes, you can be ready to roll with this device.Besides the stability with Nexus 4 (the Nexus 4 is crashing / shutting down during streaming) this thing is very cool and very handy.  The stability with Nexus is being addressed (interesting that it is a Google phone with stability problems - grin).  The problem really appears to be this: Putting some Android 4.3 devices to sleep while using Netflix causes freezing.  So I don't think I can blame Chromecast - seems to be a combo of Netflix and 4.3.4 stars only because of the Nexus 4 (Jelly Bean 4.3) issue.
I've had the Chromecast for about a week now, and despite a few little hiccups have been incredibly impressed and pleased.  Considering the price, I feel like this is a no-brainer purchase if you enjoy streaming shows from Netflix, clips on Youtube, and/or movies out of Google's store.Setup was a little more complicated than I was expecting.  I have a dual-band router, both with the same hidden SSID.  The Chromecast has an option to enter in your hidden SSID so it seemed like there'd be zero issue.  Entered it correctly, verified, and it just couldn't find my network.  I went back and tried a few times, thinking I must have been fat-fingering a button.  No luck.  I un-hid my 5ghz SSID, tried connecting, no luck.  It only worked after exposing the SSID on both 2.4 and 5ghz bands before it would connect.  Somewhere on the device page it says it does work with 2.4ghz hidden SSIDs, and I may try re-naming that band and hiding the 5ghz again.  But I hear that's not actually too terrible a thing to break through if somebody's actually seeking to get in so I might not even worry about it.Anyway, once setup, it's worked great with my HTC One.  Finding content through Netflix, Google Play, and Youtube on your phone is so much more convenient and intuitive than searching on the apps on your TV, or 360, etc.  Basically - any box where you have to fumble with a remote to do searching and navigation, this is better than.  You kick off a movie/clip, cast it to your TV, and the phone is free to do whatever else you want while the content plays.  At any time you can get back into the casting app and pause/resume content.  Super slick.I tried out the casting extension on my chrome browser, and it works about like you'd expect.  You can cast a tab, and all content on that tab is sent to your TV.  Works reasonably well for me, and I can definitely see the use cases (photo sharing, watching things you can't get to through the other mediums you have).  I tried streaming a movie through my Amazon Prime account, and while it worked, the audio wasn't 100% synced up.  And of course if you want it full-screen, you have to give up your laptop while the movie plays.  Also - my laptop (retina MBP) got really hot, and really noisy.  My recommendation would be to not expect to use this feature on a regular basis for streaming content.One other downside I noticed is that while casting a netflix movie, the netflix screen takes up the entirety of my lock screen.  I received a phone call, and the phone was ringing but the caller information was missing, as were the 'Answer' and 'Ignore' buttons.  Had to "back" out of the netflix info (which is just weird on the lock screen to have to do) before they showed up.  Google Play Movies did not have this problem, yet still allowed you to pause/resume from the lock screen.Anyway - I really can't recommend this thing enough.  It isn't perfect, but it's also not expensive enough to expect perfection.  If you like Netflix, Youtube, and Google Play content to be on your TV, this is the easiest and cheapest way to get it there.  If you have other ways to get it there, this is still a worthy investment as it's infinitely more pleasing to use than a TV-remote based application.Very, very pleased.
This thing is not even a beta product.First and foremost, the device does not connect to "N" networks. Devices you stream from can be on n, but not the Chromecast, it only supports b/g wi-fi connectivity. I was shocked by this myself, but after digging through the support page I finally found the unadvertised truth.This will limit the bandwidth to a ~2.75 MB (not megabit) per second. So be very aware that all transcoding and processing is being done on your laptop/desktop/mobile device/etc.So I excitedly plug the thing in, get it powered up, suffer through the wi-fi pairing dance, and start casting from chrome.The introduction video play back is stuttered, laggy, low res, and unwatchable. If this were a tv show I would lose my mind.The Chromecast tab in my browser starts to complain about poor performance and that my device should be on a "N" network if available. Due to the wi-fi pairing dance it wasn't. So I switch it over and start again. Video is a little better, but audio is sluuurrrrrrrrrrrrddddddddd. Audio and video quickly get out of sync. Again if this were a TV show it would be unwatchable. Mouths and voices need to sync up, it's not a "nice to have" feature, it's a "must do" requirement of any video streaming product.Yet again the chrome tab is complaining about "optimal performance".Fine, lets look at the settings. 720p is the MAXIMUM setting. The solution for poor performance is to set the resolution down to 480p. That's right kids, just downgrade to SD resolution and things will be fine...I decide to try it at 480p. Blocky, laggy, pixelated, hell.Fine, maybe its my source device. I startup my newer work laptop. Same problem. Fine, lets try my iPhone. Same. iPad (3rd gen) same.One of my co-workers brought his into the office thinking we could use it for screen sharing during meetings. Same kinds of issues. So its not a problem with my hardware, or my network. Three of my very tech savvy co-workers bought this thing thinking it was going to be AWESOME.  We have all since sold our devices at a profit through 3rd party sites, which is really a shame.People are overpaying for garbage. Do not buy this product until at least the next revision.
The Google Chromecast was announced, and I immediately bought it with intentions of replacing my Apple tv or Roku boxes that we currently we use at my home.  I got it the next day somehow and immediately started setting it up.  It took all of about 10 minutes to unhook my old Roku and hook this up.  Super easy and the setup instructions are great to.This just worked perfectly with my Iphone and my Android devices right out of the box.  I really REALLY like being able to control the volume right from my device.  To do this I usually set the tv volume to slightly higher than I normally do, but that gives me the control from my phone to turn up a quiet video, or turn down a loud video from youtube right away instead of fumbling for the remote on the other side of the couch.  The Included AC adapter is a huge plus.  I am very satisfied with the fact that they include it for the price point of 35 bucks!  I expected to have to provide my own for the price.++  I was able to log into XFinity TV, and stream Dexter to this in my bedroom pretty flawlessly through the chrome browser on my computer.  The apps for the phones don't have a cast button in them, and I don't think they will honestly, but if you have a good wireless network signal, I don't see any reason why you won't be able to do this.  Also the Cast plugin for Chrome is currently said to be experimental, which I can say is true when casting simple web browsing, but for some reason the video streaming was flawless.  I really really like this.++  I also carried this to California for some personal travel and was able to stream my Netflix right to it on the LED TV in the room!!!++  Youtube and Netflix are flawless in my experience so far.-- One note as of 8/10/2013 I occasionally have issues when setting it up to my hidden SSID.  I have connected to it about 10 times now and out of those 10 times, 3 simply would not connect no matter what I did.  I had to broadcast my SSID, have it connect, then I was able to hide it again and it worked.  Most people I'm assuming wont bring these all over and travel as much, so it shouldn't be a problem.
OK, admittedly, I knew that pickings would be slim for Chromecast apps.  One of the things I did like, the thing that would sling the Chromecast past my Roku, would be that it could stream Chrome browser tabs.  It don't.  In spite of it's name, it will not cast Chrome tabs from the Android platform at this time.I already have a HTPC so the biggest draw for me for Chromecast would be to get rid of the HTPC box and run this service off my Android tablet.Well, the version of Chrome browser on the Android tablet doesn't run Flash.  So, no, I was not going to be able to run ALL of the programming that I do on the HTPC.  Well, we're told, more programming is coming.  And Google is trying to force media content providers to abandon Flash and rely on HTML5 - hey by making Chrome for Android Flash non-compatible maybe it will force the entire world to change how it does streaming media (not).  I know Flash is clunky and inefficient, but it remains the standard for media streaming.  They still include Flash support for PC based browsers.  Hmmmm...  Maybe their browser market leader position would crumble to Netscape proportions if they dropped Flash from that version.Well, back on topic, I finally got the Chromecast yesterday, and if all you want to do is watch Netflix, then I guess it's OK.  Certainly no better than what I got on Roku or HTPC.  The inability to stream a browser tab is inexcusable, and I think with all the build up over the ability to stream Chrome is deceptive marketing.Someday, it may be good if anyone like Hulu+ or Amazon releases a specific app for it.  Heck, even if it offered the ability to stream Chrome off of  an Android device it would almost be pretty good.  But until there are apps for the programming you want, or the full ability to stream a browser, pass it by.  Given the sales success, all I can say is the marketing folks have done a marvelous job of polishing this little turd.In spite of it's name, it will not cast Chrome tabs from the Android platform anyway.  Anybody want one that has less than 30 minutes of Netflix use?  One new in box?  I may be throwing these things on CL or EB soon...
Setup was very easy.I had been looking into possibly purchasing a wireless HDMI transmitter which would have cost at least a couple hundred bucks, in order to be able to stream some web content (e.g. korean dramas from a popular online site), but decided against it as I strongly suspected that it would probably not work too well through walls.Basically, with this Google Chromecast, and it's tab casting feature, I am able to view those Korean dramas on my big screen tv seamlessly and easily.  Quality is pretty decent, although I just realized that the default setting at the aforementioned site is only 360p (I'll most likely do some experiments with setting it to 480p/720p). But even the 360p setting is very watchable on my 50" tv. Interestingly, in my particular case, my computer is connected via wifi, so basically my computer is streaming the video via wifi and then casting the video via wifi to the Google Chromecast gadget. So even though it's maintaining two concurrent wifi streaming connections (from Internet to computer + computer to the Google Chromecast dongle), it's very acceptable in terms of the video quality and performance.Once I had enabled the HDMI-CEC feature on my plasma tv, the Google Chromecast gadget will actually turn on my tv and switch to the correct hdmi input automatically, which is *very* cool.So I can cast a YouTube video to my television and it will automatically turn on my tv and start displaying the video. Without the HDMI-CEC feature, I would normally have had to manually turn on my tv, switch the hdmi input to the hdmi input corresponding to my Google Chromecast gadget. Note that your television has to support HDMI-CEC and you may then have to manually enable it (check your tv's menu settings). For my television, the option was called: AnyNet+ (HDMI-CEC), and I had to explicitly enable it.So far both Chrome casting, via YouTube and Netflix, and Chrome browser tab casting have worked almost flawlessly.Helpful Tip: I changed my computer monitor's resolution setting from 1920x1200 to 1920x1080, so that the Google tab casting feature would work better with my 1920x1080 tv. Prior to this change, sometimes the video subtitles would get cut off, in fullscreen mode, due to the differing resolutions between my computer monitor and my television.  Hopefully, Google will update their tab casting feature so that the user can specify that he/she wants to cast the full screen to either a 1920x1080/720x1280 screen target, instead of using the computer monitor's fullscreen resolution.The one downside, is that once you start the playing the video, there's no easy way to do a 10 second rewind or pause the video (bathroom break, etc). One workaround is to use the Wyse PocketCloud app from my iPad/iPhone/iTouch to remotely login to my computer to pause playback, but this is a bit awkward..As an aside, I think I made the cutoff for the free Netflix 3 month promotion by about 8 minutes, so my effective price for this dongle was about 11 bucks ! :).
I literally have an old PC attached to a 42 inch HDTV just so I can watch videos or play games off of it, but its one of those TV's that doesn't quite recognize the PC every time (or even half the time) it starts up so having to remove the HDMI plug and replace it back in to get sound and video to work is a hassle; it also screws with resolution settings reverting them and having to readjust that as well. Once I got chromecast I no longer needed to rely on that PC to watch videos or even bother turning it on anymore, I can sit back and stream it from my Galaxy S3. The amount of power drain from your phone is small, if I were to watch the same videos on my phone it could drain 2-3% of the battery per 30 min video whereas streaming to Chromecast it only drained 1% for 3 videos in all so it's just sending data rather than playing it on both devices.Any device on the wi-fi can connect to the Chromecast, it doesn't need the phone App on all of them just the one that sets up the connection after that the app is no longer needed. We tested every smart phone we have and they all connect to it automatically. For PC/Laptop you do need the Chrome Browser, but what if you don't like using the Chrome Browser? Well there is a way around that, but you still need to use the Chrome Browser as a back drop hiding in a minimized window. Open Chrome, and download the browser app/extension "Chrome Remote Desktop" with this you can remote into your own PC/Laptop and can be viewed as a direct mirror of sound and video onto the Chromecast. Once you have it setup you can minimize the window and run whatever else you want, from other Browsers, video players like DivX, if you're old fashioned like me play WinAmp, Windows Media Player, your photos, or even PC games. They will all project through the Chromecast as long as the Chrome Browser has the Chrome Remote Desktop actively running. Video games have a slight delay for less video intensive games its hardly noticeable, but for fast pace games it can be pretty annoying like Planetside 2 there's at least a 0.5 second delay on input to video, it gets worse when you have big armies on both ends.
Several other reviewers have gone deeply into the technical aspects of this thing so I won't spend any time there; just wanted to touch on how I use it and why I love it.I don't spend much time in front of the television but I wanted a simple way to send media to it from my computer without extra cables (due to a psychotic cat extra cables are bad in my house) and without having an extra computer dedicated to the television. By media I mean Netflix, YouTube, and movie files that I have stored locally. My blu-ray player can handle the first two if I want to fuss with that pain-in-the-tail remote and don't mind poor quality video from YouTube, but I hate searching/browsing using the remote and I'd rather see high-quality video if I can.I've used the heck out of this thing since I got it (I was one of the lucky ones who snagged it from Amazon on the first day). I have several saved playlists on YouTube and with this I can pull one up on my desktop, shuffle it, and send it over to the television where it plays full-screen and high-quality (1080p, I believe). Great for working around the house, especially since I'm currently remodeling my living room. I've opened local movie files in the chrome browser and sent them to the television as well. When this remodel is done I'll be moving my desk (and computer) out to the living room and really looking forward to being able to just send any videos over to the television so I can turn and watch them on a big screen. Critically, without a cable draped from the back of my computer over to the television. I'm looking forward to being able to send audio playlists over to the television as well (okay, it has better speakers than my computer). That app doesn't exist yet but it will soon.It's not a replacement for a Roku or similar but what it does it does very well. It does exactly what I needed and I honestly couldn't be happier.
Chromecast is awesome.  The product is simple and with the USB cable it can easily powered without taking up a wall outlet.  I was a little disappointed that the device wasn't powered by HDMI however I have a USB port on my TV right next to the HDMI ports so problem solved!  Those who purchase the product must keep in mind a couple of things:1) It requires an HDMI port to deliver content.  If you don't have an HDMI port in the path to your TV or receiver then you can't use this device.2) It's inexpensive and has a specific and focused purpose.  If you expect Chromecast to do everything including make coffee, you should return the device and go back to the previous technology you had before you bought Chromecast.  Chromecast's only purpose is to stream data to your television or stereo receiver automagically.  The point to this device is to get your content to your TV your way and not rely on devices like Roku or a build your own, premium channel / support everything, DVR.3) It requires software support.  Currently only the Google Chrome browser, Netflix App and Youtube App supports streaming to the device.  We need other App developers to support this product, including Hulu.  It is important to remember that anything that can be viewed in a Chrome browser can be viewed in Chromecast.4) There's no remote support, as designed.5) If you have a receiver that doesn't have HDMI ports you must either rely on the TV audio, get an HDMI Audio extractor or get a new receiver.6) The setup is simple and intuitive.  Google has made the software on Chromecast incredibly easy and technology newbie free.  Chromecast even updates itself automatically.Chromecast basically turns your HDMI ready TV into a Smart TV.  The potential is incredible.  In these times where we are told where we must watch, listen to and enjoy our media, Chromecast gives us freedoms that we never had before.
So, the Google Chromecast just came out last week, and I got mine a couple of days ago, and let me just say, it's awesomely epic. It's a $35 device the size of a thumb drive, that you plug into your HDMI port of your TV to let you stream video and audio to your entertainment system. Here's some of the awesome things about it. 1-When you buy it for $35, it gives you 3 free months of Netflix Instant, even if you're already a customer, therefore $24 you were already going to spend you pay at one time, therefore the end price is only ($35-$24=) $11 for the device. 2-On your iPhone (or other smart phones) when playing a YouTube/Netflix video, a new button appears that says stream to MyTV, when pressed, that happens. It just starts playing the video on your TV and you can adjust volume and press pause, fast-fwd, etc, from your phone. 3-Anyone on your same WiFi network can do this. So if guests are over and want to show you a funny video, they can just stream it to your TV instead of everyone huddling over their small cracked iPhone screen. 4-Anything you have on Google Chrome on your computer, you can stream to the TV. So say, you have a website that you always go to watch old episodes of Friends, but it's not really a legit site that would work with Google. Or if it's a specific TV network's site that uses its own video streaming service... If it plays in the browser, you can play it on your TV, and full-screen it, no problem! It works perfectly. 5-Small videos, large videos, resolution is HD so there's no problems there. 6-This works as good as Apple TV in my mind, but instead of the feature of sharing your iPhone screen, you can share your Google Chrome tabs, which I think is better, for the most part. 7-It's always on, so I don't have to do anything except turn on my TV and switch to that input (no waiting for it to boot up and going to the specific program you want to stream from) and then the video plays. So end result, it's great. I'm very happy with my purchase.
Chromecast is now the biggest (and cheapest) release from Google this year. The Chromecast is an absolute steal for the price of $35, and even sweeter if you happened to be one of the people who got it when the Netflix codes were still available for 3-free months. That roughly brings your total out lay down to about $11 before taxes. Which is not bad at all considering all the things that it can do and the fact that it is truly multi-platform with any device that can use chrome.When I first heard about the Chromecast, I had zero interest, but the more I heard it talked about prior to release, the more interested I became. I already had a desktop computer that was connected to my TV which allowed me to use Netflix, Hulu, Youtube, etc on my main TV, instead of a cable tv connection. In addition there was also a PS3 and Xbox360 connected to this TV as well. But eventually when my girlfriend moved in, my toys needed to go upstairs into the spare bedroom. This left me without an option to watch netflix, Hulu, Youtube in the livingroom.If I had a "Smart" tv, then I could just connect to the internet and continue watching the same content as before, my plasma is a bit before the time of "smart" tvs, so the Chromecast is a wonderful device as a replacement. It is very low power compared to the original desktop PC that was originally powering my internet content. It does get a little warm however.Setup is very easy, taking only 5 minutes or less. It consisted of downloading the chromecast app, plugging in the chromecast and powering it up, connecting to the chromecast and granting it permission to join my existing wireless network.I currently have the chromecast plugged into the back of my home theater receiver on its own input channel. I have found myself multiple times while browsing my flipboard app coming across a video, flipping on the tv and connecting to the chromecast. It's just so much better to watch it on a bigger screen. I'm really hoping the developers take this device and run with it, giving users a way to cast stored media on their phones, tablets, laptops, etc to their tv.I think something like this would be a great present for my parents who may be interested in some of the content on netflix, but aren't really sure how to access it in an easy way without hooking the laptop directly to the tv.I purchased mine in store at best buy, apparently the day before they were supposed to be available for sale, had i known the demand would be like this, I'd have bought 2!!!
My 4-star review (subject to change) is based on the fact that the Chromecast, in a year's time, could be an amazing fully functional value at $35.  But that all depends on what type of app support and additional functionality they build into.  As an early adopter, I'm not disappointed, but it's not quite an elite device right out of the box, either.The important thing to recognize about the Chromecast is that streams independently from your WiFi connection, but is controlled by another device (PC, Mac, iPhone, Android, etc.) on that WiFi network.  That's both good and bad.The good is that streaming on something like Netflix seems to go extremely well once you get it started up.  You're also free to close the app and do other things on your phone, even if you used the app to start the video.The bad side of the design choice they made is that there isn't any real "remote" for the Chromecast itself.  Android and Apple may offer one soon (much like the Apple TV "Remote" app), but at launch, none is available.  This can make navigating content a little clumsy.  It's best done with a smartphone running a supported app, but the only supported apps are YouTube, Netflix, and Google Play, which is a woefully underpowered lineup.Of course, you do have the ability to stream from the tab on your Google Browser, BUT, it needs to be a laptop or other computer on the WiFi network.  For most, this will probably be the case, but our house computer is a wired desktop, so no go.  I expect this device to improve a ton in the near future, and if it does, it's a great addition to the marketplace.  But it's definitely more of a "secondary" TV device compared to full-function boxes like AppleTV and Roku.
I just received my Chromecast, purchased directly from Google, yesterday.  Here are a few things I've noted:-Packaging...it's a very slick box that comes with the necessary components.  The package seemed to be completely recyclable, which I liked...though it is sometimes hard to just discard something like this box which looks so nice and useful.  Darn you, Apple, for this trend of making packaging prettier than the product.-It came with a USB power brick that is horizontally oriented, which I find to be the best use of space on an outlet.  It only sticks out about an inch from whatever outlet it is put in.-The TV I'm using it on has the HDMI port on the back, and the device itself stuck out about 2.5 inches.  This TV is on an articulating arm, so that's not an issue, though it could have been if it was wall mounted.  A 3 inch or so HDMI extension cable is included to get around this issue.-I initially tried setting it up on my Droid Bionic.  It warned me that I was not using an approved operating system (Android 4.1.2 ??), but I went ahead and attempted.  It had me connect the phone to the chromecast SSID, and when I switched back to the browser, it tried to reload and had no connection...I no longer had the button to click on to move forward.  So I switched over to my laptop running Linux Mint 15.  Again the message regarding having an unapproved operating system, but the setup worked fine through Chrome on that laptop.  Within seconds, I was streaming youtube using the Chromecast Tab extension.-I called in my daughter with her iPod Touch (5th generation), and she pulled up the Netflix app (which she already had running...it's ALWAYS running).  It had the Chromcast button, but the app was frozen.  She switched over to the Youtube app, and right away was able to stream from there (Nyan Cat, much to my chagrin).  After rebooting her iPod, the Netflix app worked fine as well.  We watched an episode of Psych while fixing dinner (this is on the Kitchen TV).-After that, my son got the Chromecast plugin installed in Chrome on his desktop (which is hardwired to the network...some reviews have stated that only devices on WiFi will work...I'm not sure why this would the case...the Chromecast should have no way of knowing if a device is on WiFi or Ethernet, just that they are on the same subnet).  His streaming worked fine...however this set up a battle of devices between him and my daughter...Adele would suddenly be replaced by a colorful snippet of Samuel L. Jackson delivering one of his signature lines.  Ahh, teenagers.-The last thing I tried was bringing up a browser based webcam app on my laptop, and using the Chromcast Tab plugin to broadcast my face into the kitchen.  That worked fine, and resulted in some "WTF" moments for those passing through.All in all, I'm very pleased with the purchase, and will probably be purchasing additional units for the other TVs in the house.  We have other devices that have Netflix, Youtube, Amazon, etc. embedded, but have sometimes reverted to using the laptop connected with HDMI because the web based searching interface is so much better, or the device has decided that it needs to update its software...which means a 20 minute wait before you can get to your content.  This will shortcut that process.  I'm a little disappointed with my Droid Bionic not working (the button in the Youtube app is not showing up)...but honestly I didn't give it much of a try, so it didn't affect my feeling that this is 5 stars (it would probably be 4.5 if they allowed that).
Chromecast1. Setup was easy with Chromecast guiding me to the URL and I was able to download an app and it recognized and configured Chromecast for me very easily. All I had to do was put in the Wifi password.2. Chrome: You need Chrome to make it work on a PC. No PC app, which was very disappointing. Getting to install Google Cast plugin was a nightmare on Mac but very easy on a PC.  The Chrome performance was bad even static webpage text and pictures looked horrible even at the ultra settings. Playing video was a nightmare with huge skipping, static and lag. I tried both Mac and PC. I was able to play mkv movies directly from Chrome but with lag and bad picture quality. Even webpage scrolling lagged.3. Iphone: No Iphone app yet. Netflix and YouTube apps come with Chrome Cast options. It seems to use the native apps while streaming from those apps. Video and audio quality was great.4. I feel handicapped without a remote or a remote app for Iphone, PC or Mac app to use the native YouTube and Netflix apps on Chromecast. Which is seriously a drawback as at times I was staring at the screen and wanted it to show some kind of menu to show me those apps. Heck add a Chromecast remote plugin in Chrome. How hard would that be?5. Basically it's only use for me would be a Youtube and Netflix player. If you have those apps already on your TV then it's of no use in it's current state.6. I wasn't able to review the Android app performance or Google play video/audio performance as I do not own an Android device.7. I don't understand the current positioning of Chromecast product except it tries to add some kind of broken screen mirroring with Chrome. It tries to do the same thing as a laptop connected to a TV using HDMI but fails tremendously at it, with limited functionality and poor performance. The $35 price shows in the performance and limited functionality.Apple TVI own and Apple TV so might be a little biased but I do not have any use for Chromecast. Apple TV performs flawlessly and mirrors the mac screen with no lag no matter what is playing on the screen. A 1080p video runs and streams flawless and any text and images look great and things scroll with no lag. With it's $99 tag it has much better mirroring functionality, which alone is worth the $99 in my opinion, plus it comes with a remote and great video/radio/podcast/espn/news apps.
I got mine already. It sucks. It is constantly buffering no matter what, even at 480p. I have 10 other devices in the house that NEVER buffer. This thing plays 5 seconds, buffers for 10, plays 5 seconds, buffers for 10... It took 30 minutes to watch a 5 minute youtube video. Don't bother. Plus, this gives google direct revenue, and we all know they work for the NSA now, so......I'd go back in time and not buy this, and I got mine right away in the mail. The truth is, an hdmi cable from your PC is a way, way better option.Another frustration? Google Play music won't play side-loaded music on the chromecast. So if you want to hear the bootleg of your band from last Friday's show: No. In the year 2013, they released a media sharing device that is incapable of streaming mp3s WITHOUT VIDEO. Please explain this. I'll not be buying google hardware again.Oh, one more thing, somebody jailbroke this thing and got root and started playing with it so, you know, someday somebody might be able to USE the piece of shit for something, and they released an update to kill the root exploit right away.Basically: Google is evil now. The Chromecast is a Google product all the way, and not only that it sucks and doesn't provide the advertised functionality, and even specifically UNINCLUDES many basic features you would expect in a device like this that would've cost maybe $5 of development time to implement?One other thing: No SD card slot. I'm sick of Google not including SD card slots. I don't want your ghey cloud, I want to copy 50 movies from wherever I want, and then, you know, WATCH THEM. CAN YOU IMAGINE THE NERVE OF ME?!?!F Google. F them in the A.
I was lucky enough to score one of these early on, with the free 3 month netflix trial. $35 for the chromecast,  minus 3 x $7.99 netflix is a cost of just $11.  - Brilliant.I should mention this was a short lived offer, and no longer available.Anyway, it arrived last night, and this is a first look review.Box - nice small square box and sleeve, contains the Chromecast, an HDMI extension (about 3 to 4" - In case your TV has an awkward HDMI port), USB to Micro USB cable plus a power adapter, and some instruction.It's an HDMI dongle that plugs straight into the TV. Nice and simple (unfortunately it also requires power - wouldn;t it be fantastic it was also powered by HDMI too!). My TV happens to have a powered USB port, so I'm able to power it without unsightly wiring. Very neat little device.I used a PC with chrome browser to set it up, and connect it to my network. - just go to the website that's displayed on your TV on the chromecast channel. Chrome will download the widget / app that you need.Very easy to set up - you will need the WIFI password to your network.I did try to do this first directly from my Iphone, I was unable to get it to work via this method. - But via PC it was a breeze.Once installed I was able to hit the "Google Cast" button that is now in my browser, and it displays directly to the TV.So anything you can view in a browser, I think you can have on the TV - ie HBO GO  etc.Right now there are few apps available, netflix being the largest. - but others have hinted at being compatible soon - redbox, hulu, pandora to name a few.Being a bit more of an open platform than Apple, I think we will see some interesting things quickly.I then pulled my nexus 7 out, and that was also an easy install. - download the chromecast app, and then netflix, movies etc were able to be played from the internet.Seems the main difference form apple tv, is that the nexus is not sending/mirroring the info, but your content is being pulled directly to the chromecast from the cloud. ie I had a movie that came with the Nexus 7 - Transformers, I have previously deleted it. - It started to play directly on the chromecast, and left the nexus as a remote.So far, I like it, I will likely buy a few more for the other TV's in the house.- I mean, I can buy 3 for the cost of 1 apple TV. Great
Google's Chromecast:1. While the picture shows a nice, little self-contained device, you will need to plug it in via a USB cord to provide power. That should not be surprising, but I do wish it was more evident. It is in one of the promo pics, but that assumes you've got a USB port right by your HDMI port. Which I don't. One more cord in the mass isn't a problem until I move the TV.2. Setup was a breeze. I used an Android Tablet (Sony Experia Z) to do the setup.3. I was easily able to add "Casting" to my computer, which sits in the other room, and display tabs from Google's Chrome Browser on the screen. I'm not a fan of the fact that I then can't see what I'm doing with that tab on the screen in the room I'm in, but that's the way the cookie crumbles.4. As a side note on that, you may or may not be able to use Tab-casting to watch web-video on your TV. A few Internet video sites kicked back that "Chrome's Incognito Mode" is not compatible with their website, so it would not transfer. Netflix, Youtube are no problem. I couldn't use it to work around Hulu or ESPN, though.5. Netflix and Youtube streaming are great with this, though I'm mainly using Youtube. I've got a Netflix compatible device already setup, so I just use it. Youtube, though, is awesome with it.6. I would love to see Google and Amazon show a little more love and let this work with AIV streaming.7. I would also like to see this develop where I can screen cast my Android tablet, whatever I'm doing. I know there are some copyright issues there, but that would be a marvelous bonus.8. There is a very low power drain with this, so it's not been a problem leaving it plugged in.9. Tabcasting is a shade slower than app-based (Netflix, Youtube) casting. This is clear in the documentation.10. Trying to use a Chromecast revealed an issue I was not aware of: I cannot play through the Cast feature on Google Play Music the music I have bought elsewhere, like here at Amazon. Only native-purchased content can be played.For the low price, it's handy--easy to set up. I'll be taking mine with me for family travel, because we can use it to show Youtube clips on the big screen at family gatherings instead of everyone crowding 'round the tablet. It's easy enough to set and use that way.
So this little bad boy just came in the mail today, and I was all kinds of excited. I took it out of the box, plugged it in, and five minutes later I'm watching music videos from YouTube in HD on the Screen. It looks great, and was super easy to set up. Unfortunately I do not have a Netflix account, and the free three months doesn't come for another 5 days per Amazon's e-mail notifications, so right now, all I can do video wise is watch YouTube. Funny cats, and people falling down are funny and all, and Ted Talks are interesting, but sometimes you just need a long movie to cuddle up to. Then I get this great idea. I have an Amazon Prime account, and I can watch movies on my computer, why not try and Chromecast it! I am a genius! Thousands of movies streaming to my TV and I don't have to wait for Netflix! I'm even more excited now, so I figure out I have to get a little Chrome add on called Google Cast, and I get ready to watch the first movie that pops up on the screen, The Hunger Games.Too bad it doesn't work, or at least it doesn't yet. The screen on the TV pops up, but the video doesn't play, just a black bar, and it just continues to play on the computer.I really hope that Amazon gets on this. I've been refusing to pay for X-Box Live account to watch my Prime movies on my TV for quite a while now. I shouldn't have to pay Microsoft to access the internet when I already have the internet, you know what I'm saying? I know you PS3 owners do. Anyway, Amazon needs to step up, and jump on this bandwagon like they have with X-Box, and eventually Playstation 3. It would be a huge value added to me, a loyal Prime customer for going on 3 years now, and will definitely keep me from cancelling my beloved free shipping to get some movies in my room on a decent sized television for less than $100 a year.The Chromecast gets 5 stars for the ease of setup, and how great the video actually looks, but gets 3 stars on launch titles/ products. The whole thing feels kind of Beta, which makes me swell with nerdy pride, but I'm 30 now, and really just want as much value for my dollar, rather than the latest greatest thing to come out of a tech company.
3.5 stars for the price, form factor, ease of setup and works well with Netflix, Youtube and GooglePlay. Deduct some points for setup issue, can't play local contents (not Airplay-like) and lack of WOW factor. The product name, Chromecast, makes me think casting from Chrome browser is the key feature. It's not! TabCast on Chrome browser, is still in Beta and it doesn't support Android/iOS mobile device. As of now, it's really just a media streamer that allows Android/iOS/Windows mobile deviceto select, play and control online contents from the 3 online video services mentioned above. This product is comparable to a Roku Streaming HDMI stick or Plair (home.plair.com), but definitely not in the category of wireless display (Miracast/WiDi) or DLNA/AirPlay media adapter.Below is my full hands on experience review against various devices, with different test cases and even at 2nd location.The RequirementsFor setup - I suggest to use a laptop, phone, or tablet and have it connected to your Wi-Fi router.  You should have the Wi-Fi PIN in handy. Depends on what you want to stream, you'll need to have either YouTube or Netflix app (and an account). Google Play is readily available on Android devices.Out-of-box SetupEven though the instruction printed on the packaging is very clear, the initial setup experience did not go smooth as I had expected. Connecting the HDMI dongle to the TV and USB cable for power was a piece of cake even my grandma can do. Once you've done that, the TV displays "Set me up" and instructs "On your laptop or phone, visit: google.com/chromecast/setup" with the setup name "ChromecastXXXX". However, it's setting the Wi-Fi connection that I encountered troubles and I think it could happen to other folks.- I tried first with an Android phone, Nexus 4, the browser URL pointed to Google Play store to download and launch Chromecast app. It took a few tries for the app to detect and display my Chromecast, and then I was able to tell Chromecast to connect to my Wi-Fi router by providing it the PIN. Once I provided the wireless router's PIN, Chromecast then connects to the router and displays it's "Ready to Cast".- On an iPad/iPhone, there is no Chromecast app available so the URL directs me to Google's online setup webpage. It's basically telling user to manually connect the phone Wi-Fi to the Chromecast device with SSID "ChromecastXXXX" and then configure its Wi-Fi setting to pair with the wireless router. It's good to have the Wi-Fi router's PIN in handy as you'll be asked to enter that information. Once that's configured, it connects to the Wi-Fi router and displays "Ready to Cast"- On my laptop (Win8), Google setup site recommends to use the Chromecast utility to help with the setup. The utility works like a charm! It's almost like a wizard that could automatically extract the PIN from your existing Wi-Fi connection, connect to the Chromecast device, pushes the PIN to it and connects to the Wi-Fi router.The app is well designed and provides the best connection experience IMO.Note: If the system is connected to your Wi-Fi router via Cat-5 cable and your Wireless is turned off, then it will not be able to detect Chromecast.  Turn on the Wi-Fi and the app will be able to detect and connect to Chromecast.Streaming ExperienceOnce the TV displays "Ready to Cast" screen, I was able to play online videos by touching the screen. Chromecast just figures out what video I want to play and then it pulls the content directly from the online content service's server. After a short ~5 seconds delay from the time I click play, the TV displays a buffering status and then plays the video without any hiccup. The video quality is probably 1080p or at least 720p - I'm not sure but it looked very clear. Once the movie is playing, I could make or receive phone call and do anything on the phone without affecting the video stream on TV.- Using Netflix app: The app works very well on both Nexus 4 and iPhone 5, but I've been seeing 'black screen of death' with Nexus 4 (Android 4.3) lately whenever I use Netflix [huge bug according to Android forums]. Netflix app displays the option for you to "Play on" ChromecastXXXX and will tell Chromecast to fetch the content from Netflix to display. I could rewind, forward and pause the video from the app, but I can't find a way to permanently stop the video. The volume can be controlledfrom the app or from the volume button on the mobile device.  Netflix also allows you to toggle where you want the video play between the mobile device or TV, which is good because I start in one room and continue on another device from another room later. If there's another Chromecast TV in the house, I think it might be able to shift the video over there and continue where it left off. Since Netflix is the creator of the "DIAL" technology used in Chromecast so it's no surprise their app works so well.- Youtube and GooglePlay: Similar streaming experience as Netflix, with the little cast-to-screen icon available on the app to Play On TV. I didn't use these apps as much so I don't know if there's any particular goods and bad.TabCast ExperienceI find this feature is OK, but not great as there are issues pending on the Wi-Fi environment and some websites. Noted the product description says support for "select web content through Chrome browser".  This feature is still in Beta as labeled on the plug-in, but not mentioned on the product webpage or Amazon's description. To use the feature, I need to download and install plug-in "GoogleCast".  Not to be confused with ChromeCast plug-in as it's taken by some 3rd party developer.  Once the plug-in is installed to Chrome browser, there's a Cast-to-TV icon showing on the right of the URL address bar. Click on icon allows me the option to "Cast this tab to..." and Chromecast device of my choice.  The max video quality supported is 720p coming from the browser tab and the computer needs to be at least an Core i5 CPU. I notice my laptop CPU is put to work when I stream from site like ABC/HULU/Vimeo as TabCast clones my browser page and mirrors to the TV.  The experience is odd as I can see what I browsed on the TV, but there's no mouse cursor.  There was noticeable latency as each click takes about 1-2 seconds for TV to update the images.  Nevertheless, both video and audio play on the TV via TabCast.With Netflix and YouTube websites, there's a Cast-to option built-in to the player and the video gets retrieved directly from the device so the system is not put to work.  The supported video quality here is better since it's pulling directly from the service sites and does not go through many network hops.There are certain times I notice a much bigger latency and my video disconnects in the middle of of playing while using TabCast.  This seems to be a Wi-Fi congestion problem or CPU overloads that the data has hard time traveling from laptop-to-router-to-Chromecast.  It is similar to the AppleTV Airplay (mirroring) feature and it also has some mixed reviews due to the many network hops issue.Also TabCast plug-in is only available for Chrome browser on Windows/MAC system. The Chrome app on iOS does not allow you to TabCast since there's no plugin.  So the answer is No to the question "Can I cast a tab from phone or tablet's Chrome browser?"2nd Location / PortabilityIt's such a small gadget (key fob size) that I was able to put in my pocket and took it to my friend's house.  I forgot to bring the USB micro cable, but good thing my friend had a USB micro cable available.  I'm not sure if Chromecast can be powered with an MHL-enabled HDMI port, but didn't matter since my friend's HDTV doesn't have MHL anyway.  Google doesn't mention about MHL support probably because the # of TVs with MHL is pretty low and most consumers don't even know about it.  The device powered on and looked for the previous wi-fi router connection, so I had to repeat the setup and provide the new wi-fi router's information.  Once it's connected and online, I was able to repeat the stream like I did at home.  I guess people can bring it on the road to hotels, but keep in mind the newer LCD/LED TVs at hotels don't allow people to change the HDMI input.  Also remember to bring the USB cable, power prong and get the Wi-Fi code for it to connect.Would I Recommend?Yes, if you don't have Netflix or Youtube on your TV or Blu-ray player already.No, if you're looking for a media player to stream local files from mobile devices or NAS on the network. Or looking to mirror anything from phone, tablet or laptop's screen to the TVPros and ConsPros- Setup app on PC is excellent and props for auto-grab of the existing Wi-Fi PIN feature.  Who remembers their Wi-Fi router PIN??- On screen user friendly GUI- The superb experience of browsing media on mobile device and hand off to Chromecast to play- You can do other things on your mobile device while the video plays on TV, thus save battery- Can stream from Netflix, YouTube and GooglePlay real well- Control Chromecast with Netflix app trick mode is excellent, almost like a remote control- The small compact sized form factor and USB power allows it to shut down when the TV is turned off- The packaging, accessories and instructions- The price! $35!? take my money Google even though I already have Netflix and YouTube built-in to my TVs and BD PlayerCons- Setup isn't smooth with mobile devices- Can't permanently stop video on Netflix, thus may result to "over the allowed players limit" message on Netflix if you want to watch on a different device- While using TabCast, someone can hijack the TV by sending video from Netflix/YouTube app or vice-versa (can be done from another room)- TabCast is strictly for Windows/MAC Chrome browser with plug-in.  Cannot cast a tab from phone or tablet with Chrome app.- Chromecast can't handle 1080p while using TabCast ... even from a powerful system- No support for local contents playback (i.e. photos, music and recorded video on mobile devices).  I hear you can install additional plug-in, Plex, to PC and move the file to the TV via Chromecast- No DLNA DMP support, thus you can't push media contents from other places to Chromecast like you can with AppleTV (AirPlay)Tips- Use Chromecast Windows/Mac utility to find out the firmware version- Use the utility to Reset the device to Factory default setting - or press and hold the push button for 10 seconds- Chromecast Wi-Fi is on 2.4GHz band.  If your Wi-Fi router is dual-band, it should support 2 SSIDs (2.4 and 5GHz).  Chromecast will only see the 2.4GHz SSID- If your Wi-Fi router is a dual-band, ensure it's not in AP isolation mode- If your router has MAC whitelisting - your Wi-Fi network allows this device and your Chromecast to join- Ensure you are not connected to VPN
The setup was such a challenge.  After connecting to TV, Chromecast needs to be setup through a computer/smartphone.  I used my MacBook to fire up the app that I was asked to download as part of the setup process.  My MacBook could not complete the setup process as I was constantly getting an error message that my router settings needed to be modified to unblock UnPP streaming.  After several attempts, I gave up and tried the same setup process on a Windows 8 machine.  The setup software during the installation was stuck up mid way as it required .NET foundation 3.5 and upwards, strange as I had 4.0 installed on my computer.  I gave up and tried on another Windows 8 PC. Same error message about .NET foundation.  As a last resort, I used my iPhone to complete the setup process.  If I was unsuccessful with my phone I would have probably returned Chromecast.My troubles did not end there; after the setup was complete, Chromecast needed me to download Cast extension from my Chrome browser.  The cast extension would not recognize my Chrome cast device both on Win 8 PC as well as on Mac.  I get an error message that if router transmits signals both in 2.4 and 5 ghz, Chromecast may not be recognizable unless there are some tweaks again in the router.  To me this was absolutely frustrating.  After several restarts and shutdowns of both Chromecast as well as my computers, I was finally able to connect! Yeh!Here are few initial comments after using it for a couple of hours -  For people used to Airplay and Apple TV, Chromecast is very rudimentary.  From a computer, all it does is stream a specific open tab  identified for 'casting'. Nothing more.  It does not mirror your PC nor does it 'cast' any other application other than the chosen Chrome tab.I am not complaining as I was able to get the 3 months off for Netflix.  So including that discount, for 11 dollars I was able to connect wireless from PC to TV without an HDMI/VGA cable!Update on Aug 11, 2013After having used it for a few days, here are a couple of updates:1. I have been able to connect Chromecast  to only one of my computers.  I am still struggling to connect other devices, with the cast extension on my chrome browser refusing to recognize them.2. There is so much lag when I use Chromecast that internet streaming drags. I get a constant error message that my internet connection is too slow! I have a few internet bandwidth hungry devices at home and to support these I subscribe to higher bandwidth from my cable company and those devices never complain.I continue to be disappointed with this product.
Like many other things that Google does, you could say this is "Beta".  I just don't understand why a company like Google, with the resources that they have... Why they can't make a polished product that is positioned well ?  It seems like everything they do, is "Beta".  Meaning that, your expectations should be lower, that it isn't finished, and you shouldn't expect it to work properly.  It's a cop-out.  Apple, Google is not.  Apple would have never released something like this, working they way it does.  You have to appreciate they way Apple works on a product, under wraps...  Then announces it - With everything working that day, polished, and most often positioned just right.  This Chromecast is not the case.  But maybe you can't complain much...  Because it costs only $35 and boasts features that have a low-expectation "Beta" classification.  That is quite frankly, kind of lame though.  What it comes down to, is that this thing barely lives up to the expectations you would have, after all the fluff they announced at their keynote.  It's supposed to work with your phone and iOS devices, they said...  But when you get to the Chromecast set-up page, one of the first things you see that is a let-down before even using it, says "iOS setup Coming soon".  So I had to set-up on my MacBook Pro.  They had a comforting "Don't worry it'll work with your device after being set-up" type of message though.  In the setup, there's a link that says "get the Chrome extension here" or something to that effect.  When you click on it, it of course doesn't take you to extensions and takes you to a Chromecast tutorial video page.  Maybe the web link was Beta ?  (haha).  Or maybe it installed it without me knowing or seeing it ?  But,  I had to go to the extensions gallery manually and run a search for it.  Funny that the name "Chromecast" is taken by another 3rd party extension.  So the extension for Chromecast is called "Google Cast".  Another little detail where Google fails to streamline & standardize, is with their branding.  In the Applications folder on the Mac, Google Chrome shows-up alphabetically under G for "Google Chrome".  After installing the App for Chromecast, you'd expect it to show-up under G for "Google Chromecast", right alongside Google Chrome.  But no... It shows up under C for "Chromecast".  Not a big deal, but another detail missed here.  So on to trying the thing out...  I'll give it to Google on this - the way the Chromecast icon shows-up on the YouTube app on my iPhone & iPad - without me having to update the apps on either....  That, is magical.  So, I tested watching YouTube videos on my TV.  First off, I don't really watch many YouTube videos on my larger TVs.  I watch YouTube videos on my iPad & iPhone, or computer sometimes. Because, the resolution of those videos is a mixed-bag.  You may find HD videos… But the reality of it is, that you're going to find lower resolution videos in abundance.  And they just don't look good on a bigger TV.  The lower resolution videos, you almost have to watch on a smaller window or device, so that you can even make out what's really going on.  Both my TVs already are smart TVs with a YouTube app.  But because of navigating an on-screen keyboard on the TV with a remote, the Chromecast method of watching a YouTube video, barely one-ups this.  One problem, is that when I was watching a video on YouTube via Chromecast, I wanted to change to another video, in the middle of  the previous video still playing.  When I did this, the newly chosen video just wouldn't play.  I got stuck with a gear turning and nothing happening.  This seems to happen less on my iPad than on my iPhone.  But it's pretty frequent.  Hmm, is this Beta too ?  Next I tried to cast a tab from Google Chrome on my computer, to my TV.  At first the, video is jagged and elements of the webpage were distorted.  But this smoothed-out after alottle bit.  The text (even very large text on a webpage) looked crappy.  I'm the only person on my wireless network, sitting 6 feet from my wireless router, which my TV is hardwired to.  And there is a very significant lag & time delay of displaying webpages.  For no explainable reason, sometimes the lag was much more significant than at other times.  Again, with me being the only person on the network.  Playing videos on CNN.com, from a Google Chrome Tab to the TV, was kind of cool in concept.  But, the audio was way, way off.  Also, the video was jerky.  And I have 50 down, 25 up Verizon Fios. I don't think internet connection is an issue here.  Also, casting a tab happens locally over the wi-fi network.  I discovered this same video played without being Chromecasted, with no delayed audio and without the jerkiness.  Maybe we can blame this on the fact that, casting a tab from Chrome is.... You guessed it - BETA !  So what is this Chromecast thing good for ?  Maybe the occasional YouTube video.  Maybe if you just had to show something from the internet on the TV, although not reliably.  For Netflix, I was already a Netflix subscriber and have 2 iPhones, an iPad, a Roku player, and two newer Samsung smart TVs.  The Roku & Smart TV Netflix apps are too easy to use, so why would I use my iPad or iPhones to start a movie ?  Maybe so I can avoid having to enter a search in with the TV type remotes... Would be the only reason.  And the YouTube thing... It's really a novelty.  In reality, alot of us are watching youtube videos on YouTube's website maybe not in Chrome, or watching a YouTube video that someone posted on FaceBook.  And those videos won't play on Chromecast.  Only videos you watch in the YouTube App will go to Chromecast.  That is weak.  And you can't cast a tab from your iPad even if you're using Chrome.  I updated Chrome in my iPad to make sure, but no option for Casting the tab appears.  I personally, rarely ever sit a watch TV with my laptop.  If I'm looking something up on the internet or browsing FaceBook or YouTube, it's on my iPad.  Maybe, just maybe they'll expand this and let you cast any tab from Chrome in any device to the TV.  And hopefully it won't be Beta, and won't be jerky with audio out of sync.  I guess I'm not so mad about this thing, considering it cost only $35... And I supposedly got the 3 months free of Netflix.  Making it cost less than $15 essentially.  But I have yet to get the e-mail that I am supposed to receive within 5 days with the Netflix redeem code.  I mean, I know Google pulled out of giving the Netflix promotion.  But I qualify because I purchased it within the time period they stated.  Unless they're going to back out on this now.  Another thing you notice with the Chromecast, is the packaging and accessories you get with it.  The packaging is too expensive for the price.  You also get an AC to USB power supply, a USB to USB micro cable with a nice Velcro strap on it, and a short (maybe 3-4inch) HDMI male to female extension cable with gold-plated plugs.  I did have to use the USB cable from my TV's USB port to power the Chromecast, although my TV is a late 2012 model with three HDMI 1.4 ports and should've powered it.  But it makes you wonder how much money Google is making off of this thing.  Google sitting on piles of money.  And the most likely reason for this Chromecast is seems... Is probably for mining your data and viewing habits, or trying to drive people to Google Play, & advertisements.  Maybe they're trying to find a cheap gadget they can plant in people's homes to help the NSA bug people....Who knows.  To sum up what I think about it.  This thing is cool for a dongle, yet weak for a set-top box type device.  I'd say Google Chromecast is a device that is not ready for primetime.  It's not clear what it's good for at this moment.  But it definitely doesn't do what it's supposed to do, very well.  But it does it.  Maybe it's a poor-man's AppleTV... But isn't that the position, the Roku LT takes @ $49 ?!  They can't really be compared though.  Because this thing is an HDMI dongle.  I'm not sure where the Chromecast fits-in between streaming media players and smart TVs etc.  The Chromecast might be good for that person who refuses to pay for content or buy a Roku & AppleTV.  The person that watches video from a computer/websites and wants it on their TV.  Maybe it's for the PC user - Who thinks bad behavior like this is normal and doesn't mind the jerkiness or out-of-sync audio (Haha, I'm a Mac guy).  It might be good for someone who doesn't have a Smart TV.  This is great for the people out there, that don't know the AppleTV or Roku boxes exist.  Let's face it, the AppleTV works pretty well and Airplay mirroring most definitely works better than Tab casting on the Chromecast.  I actually don't own an AppleTV believe it or not.  But even though the AppleTV is referred to as Apple's "hobby" product... It still works better than Google's (Beta) Chromecast.  If you're that guy that thinks using a computer is going to sit down at your desk with the monster tower computer, and you're looking for a way to watch the crap you download off torrents etc., that you want to see on your big TV.... Then this is for you.  Maybe if you're that guy that complains how Macs are too expensive and that a PC cost 1/3rd the price, then this, at $35 (versus AppleTV's $99), is for you.  If you're hoping it'll get better (like Windows 8 & the Surface), than this is for you.  Can't afford the Roku ?  This is for you.  Don't want to be "down with the system" and don't want to pay for cable, or buy an AppleTV , or Roku... Maybe this is for you.  If you're against iTunes, paying for content, subscriptions, etc.  And you have to somehow play your web browser or adult material from you computer to TV.... Then this could be for you.  Maybe your one of the few, that is a big Google Play user ?...  Otherwise, this is another disappointing release from Google.  Get an AppleTV, get a Roku.  They work.  Too bad Google is just blowing smoke again.  I think they suffer from a "rich kid" type of syndrome.  They just don't seem to have the hunger and fight, to actually make something successful and highly polished.  They just throw stuff at the wall, to see what sticks and call it "Beta".  Why ?  Because they can.  Will Chromecast beat-out the AppleTV or Roku ?  Absolutely not.  Add this to the string of badly positioned & non-polished products that won't be a success.  Like the Nexus Q,  Google phone, Nexus tablets, and Glass.  Only difference with this is, they sold more of these things because of the price point and false advertising/incentives.  Now I'm so thrilled & excited about this product (sarcasm)...  That I'm stuck between - wanting to return it, wanting to sell it, and wanting to keep it for the cheap price.  To see if it improves at all....  Knowing that I'll hardly ever use it.  If anything, this has made me want to buy an AppleTV even more !  So, I am biased, because I am an Apple user - Not an Android or PC guy .  But I know there are all different kinds of users.  PC users that have iPhones, or Apple users that have Androids, etc.  So, the wise-cracks about Windows & Android are all in fun.  But why shouldn't something like this, just work the way it's expected ?  I would love to see Google make something awesome and maybe give Apple some competition....  Maybe raise the bar.  But that just isn't happening yet.  I will give Google credit, for maybe creating a new category of devices. By inventing an HDMI dongle type of device which uses your mobile device or computer as the User Interface.  But what is it worth if it doesn't really work well ?  It's a novelty.  And in reality, how much are you going to use it on a daily basis ?  I can use Netflix just as easily without using the Chromecast and not have to have my Mobile device tied to it at all.  Speaking of Netflix, Google did the bait & switch, false advertising.  I think this was something to get people to go crazy and buy the thing, creating this artificial demand and hype for a product that is really mediocre at best.  Later they pulled out of the Netflix promotion.  Then they said that people would get the Netflix promotion if they bought it on the day of introduction.  Then, they said there was a cutoff time on the day of promotion.  It's been lie after lie.  I can tell you one thing - I ordered the Chromecast on the day of introduction, before 5:30pm and I STILL HAVEN'T RECEIVED MY NETFLIX CODE !  After 10+ days !  This has all been pretty lame of Google to do this.  Even at $35, this is disappointing to me.  At least Amoazon customer service is good and they're supposed to have a rebate representative contact me.
I pre-ordered this right away, as I have many Apple devices and Android devices, and I love the airplay feature that my Apple products have to my Apple TV. This is Google's take on the idea of slinging your video from device to TV, or redirecting what you're doing on a mobile device to the TV, as well as laptop browsers (Chrome).Setup:My setup was not flawless. It kept telling me that it could not connect my Chromecast to my wireless network. After some jimmying around forward & back, I was able to get it to work without changing any settings. I chock this up to developer hiccups and lack of product maturity. I did the setup from my iPhone, using Chrome browser.My first Cast was from the Youtube app on iPhone 5 to the Chromecast. It worked flawlessly.My second attempt was to Cast from browsers. It is important to know that there is a downloadable app from google to do Casting from computers, plus a Chrome plug in.Attempt 1: Chrome browser on Macbook Air, latest model 2013: Failed miserably. Connected fine but resolution was total artifact.Attempt 2: Chrome browser on Windows 7 on laptop ( a virtual on the Mac) failed miserably: Chrome app told me that I wasn't connected to wifi. It wasn't smart enough to realize I had internet though every other app under the sun has no issue with this. I'm sure this will be fixed.Attempt 3: CR-41 (Chromebook) sharing the tab worked. Slinging video did not work.Attempt 4: Nexus 7 ( latest model ) worked great with Netflix app and sligning/casting the video.In conclusion, use at your own risk until the platform is more developed. It's going to be a great opening and feature for those who live in an Android world and want a feature set similar to Airplay (while they accomplish it differently, that doesn't mater, it's invisible to the user).I would fully recommend this for any nerds, since the price is right and part of the fun is figuring out what works and what doesn't. For the rest of the world, unless you plan to only sling netflix video from a mobile device, I'd say it's not ready.As far as usage goes, it did feel weird that the device simply sits there and waits for video to sling: There is no menu to use, no "apps" or other interactivity on the screen as far as selections or options go. It does feel very headless. There is no remote control app, or browser control app, though you can modify a few settings from the browser.This is going to be the next hotness in home TV, and Google is finally there with a good competitor to Airplay.Bring on the competition and making everyone better!UPDATE: Many updates have happened since I originally got this device. A lot of the hiccups are fixed, and many more apps are coming to the device. I really support this for anyone who has an Android or doesn't already own a lot of music/media with Apple.
I buy a ton of things from Amazon, but this one slipped and i had to get it through Google directly.Summary-------Devices like these are very common. If you truly know your technology, this is also an overrated technology.What it is----------A mini-mini computer designed to your portable device (ipad/iphone/android) do most of the work.  The alternatives are the Roku, apple tv, and Android mini PC.  The latter still is the best option.What it will do for you-=====================-Let you stream content from your device to your T.V.What it won't do for you-------------------------Let you stream stuff without your device which every other hardware does.Prices------This = $35Mini-pc = $33 (OEM MK802 Android 4 0 MiniAppleTV = $100 (Apple MD199LL A TVRoku 2 = $78 (Roku XS 1080p Streaming PlayerGoogle TV = $999  (really this was a mess of a device and i think only Sony has one out now.  I have the logitech revue and it was a disaster).Final Summary=============This device is Google's answer to the very popular Chinese android mini-pc's using their Google operating system.  Everything you can do with Chromecast can be done with the mini-pc's plus they can do more.  They can run full software like hbo go app, your local cable (brighthouse/TWC app), [...]Plus they can be used as browser with a wireless mouse/keyboard or with a remote software built in to your device.  In the end, i see no reason to spend more than the $30 or so it costs for a fully featured mini-pc for this device (chromecast) or any of the other half functional devices.I'm disappointed in this device.  I ordered it thinking it was a Google branded and certified Mini-pc.  But instead it's just a dumb terminal.
Pros:- Once set up it works as advertised for a great price- Image quality is good provided you have decent wireless coverage- Superior use model to Apple's AIRPLAY for cloud based content where you initiate with synced device, but then the Chromecast takes over and directly streams the content.  For example, with Netflix you an use a tablet device to select a movie, select the Chromecast to stream, and can then turn off the tablet device or do other things with the tablet.  On an iOS device using AIRPLAY you must leave the device on as AIRPLAY is streaming from the device and for video the iOS device must be actively playing the video - in the AIRPLAY model the iOs device is streaming from the cloud based source and the AIRPLAY device is streaming from the iOS device.This direct streaming model is a VERY nice feature for Chromecast (please copy Apple) but will be more useful when more apps are available.  What makes this less useful in reality is that for cloud based content, like HBOGO or Netflix, an app can be written for AppleTV (or Roku) and selected direclty using the on-device GUI which is a better use experience anyway.Cons:Lack of a GUI makes setup and use harder than it needs to be:- Why require any secondary device to set it up?  (The Roku has the same issue which makes even less sense as the Roku has a remote and full GUI interface.)- On my network, during setup, the Chromecast claimed it could not connect even though a look at the DHCP server clearly showed the Chromecast was getting an IP address.  Google's (rather poor - online only) help was useless as it asked me to set things that were either already set or did not resolve the issue.  I finally had to DMZ the Chromecast to make the initial connection and complete configuration.  (At this point I was able to remove Chromecast from the DMZ and it worked fine for regular use.)- Really miss a proper GUI for regular use - this device is not really an alternative for a Roku or Apple TV, as one must use the synced device to find, select, control (read Pause) any content.  I find myself missing a GUI and missing a real remote even more.I eagerly ordered this device to try because as the 3 months of Netflix included meant it was less than $20 to test drive.  However, as I already own other devices (AppleTV and Roku) I have not really used the Chromecast since setting it up.  The Chromecast is simply not as slick as either the AppleTV or Roku as a media player.I think this is a great device (at a very fair price) for Android users who want the capability to show some content on TV screens (meaning an AIRPLAY like option for Android) but the Chromecast is not a great media player alternative - the Chromecast needs a GUI and remote to be really useful for media player duties.
I have already tried a Roku and an Apple TV but never found the functionality I desire.  I've ended up with a HTPC and never been happier.  However, I thought the Chromecast was worth a try due to its small form factor and low price.The device came very neatly packaged, much like most Apple products.  I knew HDMI v1.4 was required to power the device, but I had not taken the time to research my TV's capability.  The device did not power up immediately, so I knew I needed to add power via the supplied micro USB cable.Once powered up I followed the instructions listed on my screen and used my iPhone (4S model, iOS 6.1.3) to setup.  I found some of the prompted steps lacking information and struggled to change the SSID of my router but realized I should be changing my phone to connect to the Chromecast SSID. Not a big deal, whoever expected electronics instructions to be well written? However this is where the problem began.The Chromecast found the appropriate wireless network and asked for password.  After six attempts, it finally accepted my password and I was able to move on.  I was then prompted to switch back to the internet connected SSID.  This took three tries without avail before I went back to the Chromecast SSID to re-perform the previous step.  It finally connected on this fourth (or is it 10th try?)My iPhone then told me how I could use my Chromecast through my phone.  I tried the Chrome browser at first, but there was no mirror capability present. I guess Google hasn't pushed an App update out yet, no big deal.  I then tried Netflix (the main reason for the Chromecast in my opinion,) and found the mirror feature ready and waiting.  This was the only positive thing I've seen yet with the device.  However things continued downhill from there.I selected a show and it just  hung (loading) for over a minute before I backed out to try again.  On second try the show synced and started playing.  The resolution was poor (480) as the buffer needed to fill to get to high definition (1080.)  HD was enabled within the first 30 seconds, but that's when I noticed the real failure of the device: audio sync.  The audio-video sync was off, enough to make me cease watching. I've yet to determine the offset needed to sync, but I wound expect much, much better from a plug'n'play device from Google.  Pausing and restarted did not improve the sync issues.I turned off the Chromecast and booted my HTPC.  I had high hopes for the Chromecast, but an HTPC cannot be beat.I'll try Chromecast in another few months, hopefully things improve.UPDATE 8/8/2013: After applying update 12480 I saw no improvement in the audio sync.  However I did discover that the direct cause of the audio sync issue was due to selecting a show on Netflix that I had already watched one half.  After selecting new content to start from the beginning, the audio was properly synced.  I've increased my rating to three stars as this is a less obnoxious bug now that I've identified the direct cause.
I've seen others saying that the Chromecast can be powered via the HDMI ports on some TVs, specifically televisions with HDMI 1.4 ports. I didn't find this to be the case. I have also not seen anyone else that has said their Chromecast could be powered by their HDMI port, only people claiming it is possible -- so this thing might require USB power regardless of your television, if that's a deal-breaker for you then take note. I didn't find the power-supply an issue though, as my television has a USB port that I was able to use to power the Chromecast.  (Edit: from the comments below, it looks like some TVs can power the device with HDMI alone. I can confirm, however, that it will *not* work with all HDMI 1.4 ports, as my television has HDMI 1.4 and Chromecast requires USB power)If you plan to use the device for tab-streaming: your mileage may vary. I found that the quality of tab streaming was acceptable when my Chromecast had a strong wifi reception and I was using my Mid 2012 Macbook Air. When using my Mid 2010 Macbook pro or when I had a poor wifi connection, the quality of tab-streaming was unacceptable. Keep in mind that this thing is going to be connected behind your television, so it's already going to have poor wifi reception because of the interference. They include the mini HDMI extension to help improve the wifi problems, but it doesn't help much. I really wish that the wifi built into the device were of higher quality.My primary use-case is Netflix. Netflix works great. The experience is close to perfect on iOS and Android devices. I've tested it on my Nexus 4 and my iPad 2, and both apps allow me to designate that I want to watch content on my Chromecast *before* I start playing it. I can even switch devices, Nexus 4 to iPad2, or vise-versa and control the show that I have in progress from the other device.The Netflix experience from their website, however, is a major step down. In order to play content on the Chromecast, you first need to start playing the content locally -- this means the content needs to buffer twice. Netflix's website does not recognize that I've already got something streaming on my Chromecast, so if I've started content on my Nexus 4 or iPad, there's no way for me to control that content from the Netflix website (you can do the opposite, however). Hopefully this is something that Netflix fixes, and isn't really a knock against the Chromecast itself, except to say that your experience will only be as good as the support from the provider integrated with Chromecast -- and overall, Netflix does a pretty good job.YouTube buffers a lot. At first I thought there might be something wrong with my device -- and then I remembered that YouTube buffers a lot when I view it on the web too. All in all, YouTube is a pretty horrible experience for anything longer than a 3-minute clip -- and how often am I going to cast a 3-minute clip to my television?I am a developer. I've started playing with the Chromecast SDK. The potential power of this device is amazing. I've managed to create a slide deck that displays on my Chromecast that I can control via my computer -- but that's definitely on the lower-end of the possibilities with this device. I'm not the only one developing for Chromecast, both Pandora and HBO have apps in the work, and I look forward to seeing them work with this device soon.Finally and this last one is more of a wishlist item: Google has been rumored to be working on a streaming television service. I see the Chromecast as the perfect platform for their ambitions, and I hope this is the route they take. Imagine that your cable-box is the Chromecast, and your TV guide / DVR lives in the cloud and you access it from your device. Want to watch content on one of the TV channels offered via Google's service? Just click the cast button next to that channel in the guide and the channel begins streaming live to your television.
Works really well with Netflix and YouTube. All I need is Hulu support and that would cover 100% of my use case.I was particularly pleased to find that YouTube videos look so great when compared to how YouTube videos looked on my TV via Xbox 360. For some reason the Xbox wouldn't show the best quality image on the YouTube app. That's definitely not a problem with the Chromecast.The Beta feature of streaming video from your PC Chrome browser is a mixed bag. Trying to stream from my 5 yr old laptop, the video was stuttering and audio sync was way off by a few seconds. When I tried from my desktop it worked way better. I was shocked to see the video looked excellent and crisp, but audio sync was just every so slightly off still.Now I was trying this at the 720 P High setting. On my laptop, when I reduced it to 720P Low bit rate and 480p bitrate, it worked much better but my laptop experience was still crappy. I did not try to stream using the low bit rate 720p from my desktop but I'm pretty sure that would probably have worked great and still looked quite acceptable.So please note that there definitely is a difference in how well the Beta feature of PC streaming will work depending on how powerful your computer is. If you have an old laptop or desktop, you may as well forget about that feature unless you choose the 480p setting.I'm quite certain that if your computers are also placed far away from your wireless router and don't get the best signal, then you will probably also have a subpar experience.But I repeat, that feature is still in Beta, which means its still undergoing refinement and testing even though it is a public beta. Don't buy the Chrome Cast device just for the streaming feature unless you have an excellent, newer, speedy computer, with equally excellent internet connection between all of your devices.A HUGE CON!!! That everyone should know:I have 30 gigs of my own music that I uploaded to Google Music when the service first went live. It took me days to upload all that stuff and I've been using it now without issues since the Google Music service began. The sticking point is that when you attempt to Chromecast your music that you uploaded yourself to Google, you get the following error message:"Playback error""Unable to play that song. Can't play a sideloaded song remotely."And then you have to click "Done" and that's it. Your songs simply will not play. I have to figure out what the policy is here and if there is any work around. But for now, I can't play any of my 30 gigs of music on Google Music via Chromecast which is really a feature I was looking forward too.
Ordered my Chromecast on July 24th, while it was temporarily out of stock but before the Netflix promotion expired. Just received it this afternoon.For some background, I'm pretty used to setting up Rokus, Apple TVs, and HDMI/MHL cables for getting content off mobile devices and onto big screens. Generally, it's a bit of a pain; logging into services with a remote control is a chore, and getting the cables to actually display the full screen of a device onto a television is hit-and-miss.Setting up the Chromecast, on the other hand, was thirty seconds of downloading the Chromecast app onto my Galaxy Note 2, then maybe two minutes of actual configuration from the phone. Easiest setup I've ever seen for a streaming device like this. Within five minutes, I was already streaming Netflix and Youtube to my living room television.So far, Netflix has been fine. I'm on a pretty slow connection out here in rural Illinois (1.5Mbps down, ick), so the picture does get pretty pixelated, but that's purely because of my own Internet connection. Took it to a friend's apartment in-town and the picture quality is just as good as any other device in the house.Youtube's been a bit shakier, though, because of my connection. Whereas Netflix will adjust the picture quality, Youtube doesn't seem to do that when casting (I lose the option to turn off HD); therefore I get a lot of buffering. Once again, on a modern Internet connection, there wasn't any issues whatsoever.I haven't had a chance to try the Chrome tab casting yet or the local media playback, but I'll update this review when I do. I also didn't have my iPad or my Chromebook available, so there's some other things I'll add later.But, for now, it's great at the tasks it's expected to do, and I can only imagine that the third-party support is going to get even better.For Android and iOS users wanting to get Netflix and Youtube on the big screen in the easiest way possible, and you don't already have something that can do that this seamlessly (I hate smart TV interfaces), get a $35 Chromecast. And, if you need that extra functionality, I highly recommend waiting. They've built it; now, the support will come.
Well, I ordered the Chromecast the day I read the announcement about it, and it arrived a day after the gift code for 3 months of Netflix (which I didn't know about when I placed the order, but it was a good marketing idea and, if I wasn't already seeking a way to link TV & my new One piece Windows 8 computer [which lacks an HDMI port], would have sold me).It literally took five minutes to get up and running (only because I didn't push it far enough into the HDMI socket, LOL).I tried it with HULU from the Chrome browser on my PC.  Those who use HULU know it can be spotty over wireless connections, so some problems were expected.  What I didn't expect was a one second or more delay between browser and TV images -- not that you'd normally be watching both.  It is nice to be able to watch "web only" programs on the TV -- but you cannot "full screen" and still use the computer.  It would be nice if, somehow, the transmission source could be "second screened", maybe it can ... I'll need to experiment.The real annoyance  is that the Chromecast doesn't work with a KINDLE HD as the source.  The app download says no device, so refuses to download the app to the KINDLE HD.For those interested in hardware, the Chromecast comes with USB power wire to connect to computer, plus they provide a plug in adapter for direct from outlet (which is better -- with Kindle the plugin is an extra, here it's just provided); they also provide a HDMI extender/adapter -- so fishing for the HDMI slot on the TV is a one time effort and you can shift from Chromecast to HDMI cable (as with my ROKU box) without being annoyed and fumbling around.  Thus, both of these show the designers were really thoughtful and the company marketers made it a nice touch ... now if it would only work with a KINDLE HD...
See edit at bottom regarding update.Just got it yesterday and couldn't wait to try it out.I have an Insight TV with a MHL and a standard HDMI port. I tried it in the MHL port first since I had heard it might be able to draw power from it but it did not power up. I then plugged it into a 3 to 1 HDMI cable I use Portta PET0301S 3x1 HDMI Switcher Support 3D to plug in my PC, Kindle HD, and Raspberry Pi hackboard. Plugged the USB cable that came with the Chromecast into a powered USB hub Belkin USB 2.0 4-Port Ultra-Mini Hub I use with the Raspberry Pi, I'm a little gadget happy, the player fired up and the 3 to 1 automatically switched to it. The TV did not power on by itself, but when I turned it on and switched to that HDMI port it soon was displaying the startup screen.After that, setup was a breeze.Tried it with two computers, the computers, the TV with Chromecast, and the Wifi router were in the same room.First I tried with an older Win 7 laptop with a two core CPU and 4 GB ram. Hulu worked great, with none of the problems of catching up that I have read about in some reviews. It does run about half a second behind the pc, but I was able to leave it running while trying out doing other things on the PC and it worked with no problems. I could view it full screen and alt tab to a different window.Netflix works fine, and now that I can set up different profiles for different family members it is even better.Viewing Amazon videos did not work, which I had heard was the case, I understand it has to do with the Silverlight plug-in Chrome uses on Windows, imagine someone will come up with a workaround soon.Second I tried it on a netbook with an Atom CPU and 1 GB ram. Hulu was horrible. The image on the TV stayed static for seconds at a time and the sound was constantly cutting out. Netflix did not due any better. I think the Chrome browser is overwhelming the machine.Last I tried my Kindle. I was able to download a Chrome apk and get it running, but when I tried to install the Chromecast extension I was told that my device was not supported. I could not find anything in the App store that would work either.Worked great with my PC though and it is early days, I'll bet that there is a Kindle app in the works and a way will be found to cast Amazon videos from Windows. For $35 how can you go wrong!And if anybody at Amazon is listening, WE NEED A KINDLE COMCAST APP!!!EDIT:When I wrote the previous, I was the only one home. Another family member came home later and fired up their laptop. The sound from the Hulu show I was watching started lagging, sometimes really badly. A quick pause would bring it back into sync, but after a little bit I gave up and plugged a HDMI cable directly into laptop. Our router is getting on in years, a more updated one might handle the increased traffic better. Am thinking of trying the laptop on a network cable, but that will be a pain.
I have been using the Chromecast since two days after it came out, and I have to say that it not only has enormous potential, but is already a more than functional device.A little about this way I watch TV- I have been "untethered" for more than a year, using only Hulu, Netflix and occasional purchases from Amazon and Itunes to fuel my tv habit, and I don't intend to look back. I have had a lot of interaction with Apple TV, and I am a pretty high-level user. More importantly, I use my computers as an educational tool, to project the internet and presentations in front of my classroom. In my opinion, the Chromecast delivers a nearly equal (if not better) experience than the Apple TV, and for a third of the price.Many have said that the Chromecast (and particularly its Beta features) do not work well without good internet. I couldn't say. I can say, however, that with decent internet, there are none of the issues that I've had with other streaming devices, such as pauses to buffer, or mismatched sound. (My current internet is not the best, which I know well from having Verizon Fios and lightning speeds for the last two years, but it more than sufficient for day to day netflix and rarely has hiccups.) This is not only for direct Netflix or Youtube streaming, but also for mirroring of Chrome webpages, and even videos.Some features haven't been loudly advertised, but should be.Features of the device, in order of facility:1) Direct Netflix, Youtube and Google Play streaming.  The way this works is that you use your computer or phone as a sort of remote control. I've only tested it with Mac products (Laptop, iPhone and iPad), and they have all worked beautifully. The best thing about this is you device doesn't have to be on for anything but pressing play! No lost battery power or tied up devices, which puts it at the same level as AppleTV for streaming, and with Google's more open developer philosophy, we should be seeing many more streaming services adapt their apps for this feature soon. It goes beyond the Apple TV, Wii and other devices in that it works through native apps and devices with keyboards, making the selection of a movie or TV show a far less annoying process.2) Chrome(browser) Casting.  When in Chrome you are able to press a button on the top right hand part of your screen and reflect anything in Chrome to your tv. Again, this for me was without hiccups or lags, despite many reviews claiming that this process is slow and jumpy, I have found it quite the opposite. The downside of this is that your device must be on to stream its content to the TV, and that there is not yet support for this for iPhones and iPads (it worked great on my Mac laptop), but I'm sure it will come soon, and this is no different again to mirroring or streaming content through an Apple TV. The upside is that Chrome supports the streaming of movies from all (as far as I can tell) the major streaming sites, and so you can project Hulu and the like with no trouble by pulling it up in your browser. The cherry on the cake (or, actually the meat in the pie) is that Chrome also supports the playing of all sorts of media, including MP3 and MP4, which means that by (on a Mac), selecting "open with" and choosing Chrome (you need to specify that you want more than just supported applications available to open with on newer macs), you can stream all files except for AVI to your TV as well, with perfect picture and perfect sound, at least on my connection. There is an issue with Quicktime only streaming video but not sound that I have not yet seen worked out.3) Computer Casting  This is the feature everyone is claiming that the Chromecast doesn't have- but it does! It is in a highly experimental mode, but I have had no troubles, freezes or hiccups trying it. When you go to the ChromeCasting menu in the Chrome browser, there is a small, grey, barely visible arrow in the top right hand corner of the menu. Click on that and you have the option to mirror your whole screen, not just a Chrome tab. Fair warning, this projects only image and not sound, unlike casting a browser window, but as a teacher this will prove the most valuable thing about the device. Being able to project your computer to a classroom screen is one of the reasons Apple TV has been so successful in educational purchases, but now a device has arrived with the same functionality- the same ability to project a power point presentation or a website to your students- at a third of the cost! The feature may be in beta testing now, but it is available, and I imagine it will only get better and more stable. I was not able to convince my administration to shell out $100 per classroom for an Apple TV, but I am sure they will have no problem with a $35 device that does the same. It costs less than a Mac to VGA cord for a wired projection interface.I want to get the word out that these features are there, because I think Google has been selling itself short. If you have been on the fence about getting a streaming device for your TV, I think Google has just come up with a major contender.
I was excited when I read that Chromecast would allow me to cast anything from my chrome browser to the tv. Since I've already got a Roku HD Streaming Player (and because not everything I watch is on Netflix), that was really the only feature I really cared about. Given that I ordered early enough for the Netflix promotion, I thought it was worth the $11 investment.Despite my interest in casting Chrome from my computer, my first trial was casting Netflix from my phone. It worked beautifully, and I was very happy with my purchase... until I got around to casting from Chrome. That was an utter failure. We've got enough bandwidth that streaming video has never been a problem, either on the computer or through the Roku. But stream to the computer and Chromecast to the tv, and suddenly stops and starts so much, it's unwatchable. In the moments when it's playing instead or pausing, the video doesn't even match the audio.I still think the Chromecast has potential if more developers start incorporating it, and it works well if all you watch is Netflix and YouTube. But if you want to stream video via Chrome, Chromecast won't cut it.UPDATE: Just a few additional notes, based on comments posted by other users.1. Chrome tab casting is in beta. Thanks, for the reminder. Let's hope it gets better.2. Computer performance can significantly impact quality of casting. Our macbook is several years old, so that could be a contributing factor.3. Video quality settings can improve the performance. We tried the low resolution setting. It improved the performance but not to the point of making it watchable.SECOND UPDATE: I'm not sure if there have been upgrades to the firmware or if it's because I've been careful to make sure all other programs and browser tabs are closed before starting a video, but I've been having more luck with streaming video via Chrome. We use it regularly now, and, although it still has issues, it's no longer "unwatchable." It freezes or produces mismatched video and audio most times we use it, but those issues rarely occur more than once (sometimes twice) in an hour-long show (I do have to restart the video whenever this happens). Given the problems we still have, we don't even bother trying the HD stream. But if other users are having trouble, definitely make sure your computer isn't trying to do anything else while Chrome is casting, and that may help. Although it's still not perfect, it's performing quite capably for a $35 piece of equipment.
Chromecast is what I call Poor Mans AppleTV. With no Remote or UI, no extra equipment to fit you already cluttered TV station, for only $35 its definitely a product to have.Setup was a Jiff, super easy as long as you have laptop or android device. It currently doesn't support Iphone/ipad setup. I've 2 TVs both 2010 models and both needed external power for this dongle as HDMI prot is not good enough. Luckily they both have an extra USB port on the TV itself so I didn't had to figure how to get power source to it.Once plugged in and setup, get the latest Netflix app update and youtube update and latest chrome for you ipad and you are all set. Easy to use that my 3 year old kid can operate.The video quality is not that great as there is no video rendering capability like AppleTv does. Sometimes I saw lag in the video and it takes a while(few seconds but noticeable delay) for action you performed on your Ipad to show up on the TV.I like the device. It's not perfect but for the price I'm not complaining, plus I was one of the early ones to order so got my 3 months of Netflix free as well, but even without that, it's a sweet deal.One more thing, I want to Thank Amazon. A friend of mine ordered on Google Store 30 minutes before I did on  Amazon on Wednesday. I got mine delivered with no extra cost (of course Prime member) on Friday. He payed $5 extra for shipping, and he got notified that his will be delivered on 2nd week of August. Amazon Rocks!I see many application for it, best for travel. Plug it to you hotel TV and you don't have to suffer the crappy programming they have. Use it on the extra tv that you have and not pay for the additional set top box like I currently do with Comcast.Google Chromecast HDMI Streaming Media Player
HelloI ordered this on 24th and received it on 30th. Setup was simple no major issues, I was looking for MAC address on the product but it is not listed there. Following are the steps I took for setups.* Install Chrome Cast app on my smartphone.* Plug in included power supply on chrome cast and plug device into HDMI port.* Switch input on TV* Open Chrome Cast app on phone, press setup.* Named device (not requirement)* Added Chromecast to my network, this is where I found MAC address it was listed at the end.* Chromacast connected to my network, setup complete.After using the product for about an hour, my opinion is that this is great product. But currently it is in early stage so there are not many services available for native supportNetflix and YouTube works perfectly no problems at all. When casting through PC via chrome browser works well also, but with little lag. As long as casting is done using supported services using PC, or mobile device it works very well.Currently when casting using chrome browser, you see the tab that you are casting but for me that is useless because if I am watching streaming video on any site except youtube, you see the tab and video in small screen but as soon as you make the video full screen casting video is not visible only audio.I also tried casting desktop (experimental) and you will be able to see video full screen, but these option is basically mirroring and audio will come through PC speakers, instead of TV.Bottom line as long as this device is used for currently supported services(Netflix, youtube) it works perfectly well. For me this was more of impulse purchase specially due to cost. If you have Smart TV, Apple TV, PS3, Xbox or any other web enabled media player there is no need to purchase this, since all these device already have Netflix and YouTube built in.It might be useful in future as soon more service are natively supported.Sorry for any grammar error.Thank you
It is important to note that this doesn't have the kind of depth of features of something like a Google TV or Apple TV device. However, for the price tag ($35 when I purchased it), it's a very impressive product that performs extremely well.Setup was impressively easy. Even as a computer programmer, I was mystified how it auto-detected the Chromecast at first without Bluetooth or the device being connected to the internet, but I have since learned that it (semi-obviously in retrospect) uses an ad hoc WiFi connection to do so. Regardless, it makes the setup process incredibly painless.Currently, the device can have a "native" cast from an app setup to use the Chromecast SDK or a "tab" cast from a Chrome tab. I ordered mine on release day, and when it arrived, the only non-Google app to support native casting is Netflix, however, many developers have already publicly expressed that they are looking into implementing the SDK, so I'm sure the comparative lack of apps capable of native casting will be a very short term issue.Tab casting, on the other hand, just mirrors a Chrome tab exactly on the Chromecast in real time. I have heard that people with slower computers have had issues with video playback, but I had no issues whatsoever myself tab casting a 1080p video on a Core i7-equipped computer. Watched all of Ocean's Thirteen that way without any stuttering or hanging at all.My only complaint is that I am 100% sure that my TV has HDMI 1.4, and yet I cannot get it to power the Chromecast without the bundled power adapter. Apparently many others have had this issue. However, the power cable is not that inconvenient and can even be plugged into a USB port on your TV if it has one available to avoid having to take up precious plug space.All in all, for the price tag, however, I am very impressed with the device, and it's a great way to add powerful functionality easily, cheaply, and quickly to any HDMI-equipped screen.
EDIT: I will post pictures later on tomorrow.EDIT#2: You must have an HDMI port on your T.VEDIT #3: NEXTFLIX PROMOTION IS NOW OVER!!!!!First I would like to ask who ordered it?Okay so to start with my first impressions. So when I received the device, the packaging had a very clean style and overall very good looking. Now for those of you who don't know what this device is I'll tell you. It basically streams video from your computer to your T.V. With that being said it is like having your computer hooked up to your T.V via HDMI but wireless.My first impression was different than I thought, the first thing I realized is the dongle needed a power source at all times via its own AC adapter. This was not a deal breaker but I hoped it would have powered itself.(You can also use the usb power from your T.V's USB port) The dongle is very sleek, and seems pretty durable. The device did come with a HDMI extender which was optional, it says it is used to improve fit (as it might not fit behind all tv's) and improve Wi-Fi connection. I did not use it because it fit perfectly and it wasn't a tight fit. The device was very easy to set up, it took about 3-5 minutes. You had to download the chromecast app which helps you configure the settings for the device and connect it to your wifi, and it also downloaded the chromecast add-on. Overall very easy and fast to set up.To use the device it must be on the same network as you device you're streaming from. Once you have set up everything you are good to go, you can stream youtube, netfix, etc and any webpage directly to your tv wirelessly.This device works with Android phones and Tablets, iOS devices, iPhones, iPods, and iPads, it also works on OS X ( Mac )While using the device for a couple hours I noticed that the quality is amazing and, the delay is that bad considering I am sitting almost all the way across the house.I haven't even talked about the icing on the cake yet. Included with this purchase you get 3 free months of Netflix. How does this work? Well if you order it from amazon it gives you a 3 month code. Now if you add the Netflix, $8 a month for 3 months that is $24, andthe device only cost $35 you have only paid $11 for the device!!!My overall opinion is the device can only get better from here, I noticed going into the Chromecast app that the device had a firmware version, meaning all they can do now is upgrade and get better. I highly recommend getting this device as it has many positives and is worth the money you pay.
This is the probably the worse streaming device on the market.  Really!  I don't understand all those high ratings.My experience is as follows:1.  Receive package with product - Nice looking.2.  Take product out and try to plug into back of T.V. - NOPE Will not fit in the space for the HDMI.  So I have to use the included HDMI cable and bend it to make it fit.3.  Realize T.V. has no USB port so I have to plug into power.4.  Now go to Set up:  CANNOT do set up with iPad; Go to computer - Have to download Chrome with Extension, then go to set up.  Okay.. So far not that big of deal (at this point I'm already 15 to 20 minutes into the setup - Not the 5 minutes advertised.5.  Set up complete.  First application I try:  Netflix directly from my Mac Mini running OS X 10.7.  I get a spinning Chrome Logo on the T.V Screen for a very LONG TIME - 15 minutes at least before I give up.6.  Exit the NetFlix streaming, but to my Surprise - the Spinning Chrome logo continues on my T.V. Screen - and I cannot stop it!7.  I unplug the Chromecast device to exit the Spinning Chrome Logo.  This does it.  But, to my surprise, I have to go back and do the SET UP All over again!8.  Next I try streaming Netflix again, now using my iPad.  Again, get spinning Logo on T.V. screen and repeat steps 6 and 7 again!9.  At this point, I'm already 1 HOUR into getting this to work.10.  I try a different site, and use the Chrome Browser to CAST a video - it works!11.  I try You-Tube, -- It works!12.  But, CANNOT get Netflix to work with it's "built in support".13.  Finally, I call Google Tech Support.  They answer phone fairly quickly and try to be helpful, but they CANNOT figure out a solution to get NetFlix to stream to the Chromecast.  I am on the phone with them for about 1 Hour!  They tech cannot offer any suggestions that work;  He just has me go down a bunch of restarting, resetting, router settings, etc. that are complete waste of time.14.  3 HOURS later from the time I received the Device, I still don't have NETFLIX working!  Give up and go to bed.15.  Next Morning, I decide to try streaming from Netflix Using the Chrome Browser TAB (instead of the built in Netflixt ChromeCast within the movie); This does it! -- Well Kinda -- Since it only streams the Video - BUT NO AUDIO.  NO SOUND.16.  I call GOOGLE Again, to figure out why I am not getting AUDIO on Netflix, Yet I do get Audio on You-Tube and other sites.  Again, Google Support cannot find a reason or solution, and nice lady has me spend at least another hour with resetting, rebooting, etc.17.  So Total amount of Wasted Time now is about 5.5 to 6 hours to no avail for Netflix streaming with sound.18.  I finally figured out a work around to get Netflix to stream with Audio.  I use a wireless speaker (Creative Labs D200 - very nice speaker) and set my Mac to output the Audio via BlueTooth to the D200 speaker placed near my T.V. Screen.  But now, I cannot use my full stereo speakers connected to my Big Screen (at least for Netflix streaming using Chromecast).19.  In the end, I've figured out (which I wish Google would have told me), that you cannot properly Stream Netflix on a Mac using the Chrome Browser Tabs as the audio is not supported for QuickTime for SilverLight.  And Casting directly from within the movie does not work (probably because of a bandwidth issue as it tries to send it in full resolution).My Old TIVO worked MUCH better and no hassle (it just finally died after many years of use).  I was hoping this would be just as easy.  Boy, was I wrong.Google Chromecast  is advertised as being Easy and plug and play.  Not the case at all!
This little dongle is pretty amazing, it does it's job and does it's job very well. For those of you out there wondering how worth it it really is with it being so limited you have to understand it's well worth it and won't be limited for so long. This little dongle only requires developers to add a few lines of code to make their apps work with the Chromecast and with such wide adoption by consumers developers will be getting on updating their apps very quickly.Streaming content from an Android and iOS device is very easy, BUT it cannot stream local movies or music! Only music from Google Play Music, and videos from Google Play, Netflix, and YouTube are supported right now. That is only for Android and iOS though. On a computer you can drag any movie stored on your hard drive into the Google Chrome window, Chromecast (or Google Cast) the tab and it will play it. You can even cast your entire desktop though this is still an experimental feature.One of the coolest features of this is with iOS and Android streaming it isn't actually "streaming" it is actually casting. What happens is the Chromecast will look up your content from YouTube or Netflix (so far) and then play it using its own Wi-Fi network, at this point your device becomes a remote and nothing more, you can use it just like normal. The device won't heat up or lose battery power because it isn't actually streaming the Chromecast is doing all the work.When it comes to mirroring a tab on your computer or mirroring your whole computer desktop it is streaming though, it does have to get the image from your computer so it will wear down the battery on your computer a little faster. It does have a little bit of a lag as well but software updates will soon fix that I'm sure. You can use the tab casting method to watch movies from other services besides just Netflix and YouTube with (almost) no problems. Some sites don't work and the quality may be degraded somewhat but in my testing none of that was really a problem. I don't have Hulu so I didn't test that out.This device is amazing, especially considering there is much more to come, and well worth the $35 price tag. At that price why are you even considering this? Get it now!Don't forget to let me know if my review was helpful!
Bought one of these straight from Google the day it was released and have been able to test it out extensively. This is by far one of the coolest gadgets for streaming that I've ever used, mainly due to how simple it is to setup. From the minute you stick it into your TV to it being ready to use, is maybe a minute and then you are ready to stream.Netflix streams extremely well, simply hit the Chromecast button and select your Chromecast and it begins playing on your television. Now what is cool about this is the ability to still use your device for other things and to be able to use it as a remote. It also does not kill your battery doing this, due to servers doing the work.Google Music also streamed very well and I was able to adjust my queue and only pick up my phone when I needed to pause the music or change the song.I've also done some testing using a laptop and the Chrome browser. Pushing YouTube videos works very well, but broadcasting a tab from your browser is a bit jumpy and not as smooth as it could be. I also pushed audio from Spotify and that worked perfect.One other thing I tested out was copy the link to a movie on my hard drive and pasting it into the Chrome browser. After making selecting the Chromecast and making the video full size it began playing on my TV. I would not say the quality is as good as the Apple TV, but it looked pretty good and the audio was great. A feature like this would be great while traveling and not having to take your Apple TV on the road with you.Overall, I'm impressed with this little gadget and the potential it has if more companies like HBO, Spotify, and Amazon add this to their apps. However, the jumpyness of the streaming of a chrome tab has a lot to be desired, but I'm sure will get better over time.Lastly, if you have a Motorola branded phone, expect to have issues with Chromecasting. I have a Bionic and YouTube works, but Chromecasting does not work in any other apps. However, my Nexus and my wife's Samsung phone have no issues. I've read online that several Motorola phones are experiencing issues with this.For the cost I would say go ahead and buy it, but expect it to take awhile to catch on with other companies.
I was lucky enough to have ordered this just before they cancelled their Netflix deal so basically I got this dongle for about $11 (subtracting the price of the free 3-month Netflix subscription) and for this price, the device is definitely worth it(and even for $35)!What I think of it so far:I got it in the mail yesterday and havent used it too much yet but I did try out the basic features like playing YouTube and Netflix through the Cast and switching apps and even locking my iPhone and everything still plays on my TV. Adding YouTube videos to the TV queue is helpful too when I have some friends over. Casting tabs from my laptop is simple and effective. It is in its beta stages so it's a bit laggy sometimes but it works.What features they need to add:-I do think, though, they should add a password for being able to control the video from other devices as it might lead to friends trolling you and interrupting your video halfway through, etc.-I also think there should be an easier way to get back to the original video that is playing on the TV if I switch apps or browse to other videos within the same app because it is a hassle going back to it to control it.-I like casting a tab but its annoying if I want to go to another tab I have to stop casting the one it was before and start casting the new tab. There may be a way around this already but I don't know of it yet.-The obvious is that they need to add support for more apps to Cast to as Netflix and Youtube are essentially the only main ones so far.-And since google decided to let iOS devices into it, I think they should also add the ability to stream content I have purchased on iTunes as that would definitely stack up against the Apple TV.Overall, I am pleased with this product and if you were one to purchase it early then you got an even better deal! I hope this helped some customers into deciding whether or not they want to buy it. Tried to make it medium length since I know long reviews scare some people away :-)
My setup: I've 3 laptops (all Win7), a Google Nexus One phone and a Samsung Galaxy Tab. I speak only for these devices.One of the Win7 laptop was tied to the TV through HDMI as most of our TV viewing is Netflix (either from laptop or Wii or BD player), YouTube and few online shows offered free. I also watch live sports online usually directly on my other laptop.Packaging: The packaging was nor great neither bad. It was easy to open and had instructions for setup right there on the lid.It came with an HDMI dongle with the edges covered with sticky film, a USB to mini-USB cord, a USB wall plug adapter and an HDMI extender.Device Setup: Connected the USB cord to the dongle, connected it to the wall adapter and plugged it into the wall socket that is right behind my TV. At this moment, the LED on the dongle started blinking (which I believe is to setup an ad-hoc network for Chromecast app to find it). Connected the HDMI dongle to my HDMI switch. My TV automatically switched source and displayed the home/welcome page with the device name. Opened chrome browser and went to [...] Downloaded the app, installed and ran it. Provided my wi-fi password (Only thing that took some time in the whole setup process because I could not remember this off the top of my head). The device connected to my wi-fi network. I could cast my browser tab once I installed the Google Cast extension for Chrome.What I was able to do:1. As I mentioned above, I was able to cast my browser's tab. (This is in BETA and the system requirements probably apply for this feature).2. When I tried casting a browser tab running YouTube, I was prompted that it would work better if casted directly from the app.3. I was also able to cast local media supported by the browser by giving the full file path in the URL space or by dragging and dropping it in to the browser tab. (Note - This does not work on handheld devices, only works on Laptops/PCs).4. I was also able to mirror my laptop screen (not just the browser, but all other applications) with limited functionality, by selecting "Cast entire screen (experimental)" option in the Google Cast icon.Other observations: 1. YT / Netflix when casted from the apps themselves took about 15 seconds to load and also had 2-3 seconds lag for pause/resume. 2. When playing a playlist from YT, whenever a new video starts, it plays for a second or two, re-started and played without any issue. 3. I was able to cast the video from a G+ hangout by copying the URL in the pop-up and pasting it in a browser tab. Audio did not work. 4. I was able to play local media files such as mp3 and mp4. .mov files did not work. I had not tried other file types. 5. Adding a YT video to the queue from another device needs to work better.What I like about this product: 1. My laptop is now freed up from always being tied to the TV. 2. I/my wife could use all of our devices to control what's being played. 3. Casting YT/Netflix videos directly from the apps resulted in very good resolution which I was not able achieve from Wii/BD player. 4. Got netflix discount of $23.97Conclusion: Is this better than Apple TV? - I do not know and probably it's not. But at this price point and for my needs, this works perfectly well. I only hope (and have seen articles) that more and more apps will be compatible.
I'll make this short and sweet. I'm not here to leave any detailed tech information, as there are tons of sites already doing that.First, the price. Amazing. Yes, I was one of the early ones, so I did get a Netflix code for 3 months free; but I believe since I am also a new customer, I have a one month free trial, which could potentially give me up to 4 months of free Netflix! In terms of value alone, I'm getting a $32 deal with Netflix, which means for the device itself I paid $3. Even without the promotion, $35 is a bargain for what this product could potentially do.Second, the actual product. I would say I am a bit on the tech-geek side, so setting up was a breeze. Plug, connect, and play. It's that simple. I used my S4 to connect the device to my home WiFi network (FiOS). YouTube and Play Music have been seamless thus far, no lag for me. My WiFi is pretty strong, though it's not anything comparable to 100Mbps speed or Google Fiber. If your WiFi is better than mine, there should rarely be any lag or stutter.It's already been discussed that the cons include the lack of apps compatible for now. Chrome tab-casting has mixed results and is, technically, in beta stage at the moment. But if this is the beginning, then I have to say I'm excited in the coming weeks and months. Already apps are being tested, so patience is key.I'm sure there are more detailed and thoughtful reviews than mine, but I thought I'd leave my review on this immensely popular device. For such a cheap price, there can't be enough hype. I hope the people who leave the negative reviews understand that, or perhaps should have read more carefully on what this product can actually do. It can't be compared to a Roku or Apple TV, because it's not the same. Sometimes different is good for the competition, for the evolution of the product.
I agree with most of the other posts, but will add a few details I have not seen covered elsewhere.Agree with others that Netflix works great, as does youtube.  However, I have other ways to do this and was buying for the googlecast feature (sending any video straight from Chrmoe browser).  Good news is this works with password-protected web sites much better than playon and is easier to use (higher spouse - not wife - acceptance factor ;)  Unfortunately, it is unwatchable.  Audio/video are way out of sync and stuttering.  From an ethernet-connected htpc it is iffy but watchable, but over wifi from my laptop not at all.  My network wifi and same laptop can support live tv streaming from my hdhomerun via windows media center, so it is not a weak network issue.I bought mine a few minutes after the announcement and had not thought through one obvious drawback.  If you don't have HDMI pass-through on you stereo receiver, think through your audio setup.  You may need an adapter or have to send audio through your TV, maybe have to change your universal remote settings, etc.  If you have a new-ish tv this is not such a headache for Netflix from your phone, as it uses hdmi control and can adjust the tv's volume from there.  This does not work with googlecast, but you can leave tv volume up and adjust the video's volume on screen, just as if you were watching it on computer.  Also I cannot say whether this works with hdmi passthrough as I don't have it to test.  It does work through a rocketfish wifi wireless sender.  I hooked mine up to that and used usb from my xbox to power it (powers even when xbox is off).All the marketing and demos say you have to be on the same "wifi network" as the chromecast to use it.  You just have to be on the same network and subnet, not connected through the same access point.  Might only matter for a few readers, but I can use this from devices attached to the network via the same access point, a different one on the same network, ethernet or MOCA bridge.Set up is easy, but changing your setup is not.  It has no setup utility or access web page.  If you need to change your wifi password, put it on another wifi access point, etc. factory reset button and re-running the setup prograam was the only way I found.  If you have to do this, make the second setup from an android phone instead of pc if possble.  Gets into your registry settings the first time through and it is hard to make it try again from the pc.Bottom line - if you want to be an early adopter and wait for features and upgrades, get one of these.  I am not sending it back, but would if it had cost more.  If you are looking for a device for netflix, this is easy to use and very small/unobtrusive.  If you want Netflix and other content, you might want a roku or similar device, use playon with a device you already have, or get this and wait for the development to catch up.  Once it does, this might become a really neat gadget.
So I've been using my Chromecast for about a day now and I've already gotten plenty of use out of it. The setup was simple, you go to a website and link it and name it and you're pretty much set. After that you can move it to any tv in the house and use it without a hassle. I've used both my Nexus 4 and my ipad to cast to it and it all worked pretty well. With my ipad I cast a few shows from Netflix and a few episodes of the new talk show "the Real" from YouTube. It worked beautifully.one small annoyance was that once I was streaming to the chromecast in YouTube once I clicked a video it didn't play immediately I had to hit the play button to initiate it. This was only a small annoyance however.I then moved the chromecast to my bedroom and with my Nexus 4 I rented a movie from the Google Play store and cast that. The integration is seamless and the hd quality was great. There were a few times when the movie had to rebuffed but it only caused maybe a 3 sec delay and only happened twice. That however was probably more due to my network speeds. I haven't tried chrome tab casting yet but once I do I'll update with my impressions.The chromecast comes in a neat little box with the device, a USB cable, USB ac adapter, and an hdmi adapter for those whose TVs do not have enough space to stick a dongle. The chromecast needs to be powered via USB in order to function so you must have an available USB port on your tv or you must use the provided ac adapter to plug into a wall socket.All in all, great device for the price. I'm going to order two more for the other rooms in my house. This will be especially useful for my 3 yr old sons room who often ask to see his favorite shows on Netflix. In the past I've had to get up and play Netflix through the Xbox or ps3 in the living room for him and then return every time he wanted to see a new show. With chromecast I can play Netflix directly in his room and control it from anywhere in the house. That, my friends, is awesome sauce. Great job Google!
I'm fairly astonished as to how well this works for $35.  Every promise Google made about Chromecast has so far been kept.  Setup was easy, literally 3 steps.  It's actually kind of amusing to see these three steps laid out in a tiny instruction sheet.  Once it's up and running, using a smartphone to beam Netflix or Youtube onto the thing is also fairly simple, though the Chromecast app is useless.  Video and sound quality for these apps are dependent on the overall quality of your network, but I had no complaints here.The big deal is how well Chromecast works streaming an open tab from Chrome.  I tested it out using HBO GO running in Chrome.  Does it work perfectly?  No, it does drop frames and it is noticeable at first.  Still, it's very watchable and the quality is honestly better than I would have expected.  App selection is presently limited, but that was clear going in and Google has made it clear they will add more in the future.Pro: Low price, easy setup, solid overall qualityCon: Limited app selection, room for improvement in tab streaming*UPDATE* 7/31It pains me to say that my Chromecast has stopped functioning properly.  After I switched it between a couple TV's it no longer gives any audio or video signal to the TV other than a brief picture of the startup screen.  I'm somewhat baffled as to why this is the case, I fired off an email to Google support but haven't heard back as of yet.  I'm not optimistic they can really do anything about this.  I've knocked off a couple stars as a result of this event.  I will update again pending the results of this nonsense.*UPDATE* 9/22I ended up returning my Chromecast for a replacement, since they were sold out after the initial release I only just recently got a new one.  The new one works perfectly so I'm changing the score to 4 stars.  Once more services and features are added I'll likely add that final star.*FINAL UPDATE* 12/17I've been nothing but pleased with the Chromecast since September and now that new services are being added I can't justify giving it anything less than 5 stars.  I ended up buying another one for my year-and-a-half-old Sony smart TV just because the Chromecast interface is so much better (no competition there, Sony's UI is laggy and inefficient).  2014 should be a big year for the Chromecast, personally I can't wait for Aereo support!
I ordered my Chromecast on the day it was announced and just received it today.  My tv is a 2006 40" Samsung LCD, so it's an older set and not smart.  Before the Chromecast, I was using my Blu-Ray player for YouTube and Netflix playback, but it was a cumbersome enough process that I hardly watched either of those on my tv.  It's not that it took a super long time to boot up, but it was a multiple remote control process that took enough time that I'd rather just watch videos on another device.  In just a few minutes with my Chromecast, I was swiping through movies and videos on my tv and was immediately extremely pleased with my purchase.First, the price made it almost a no-brainer to try out.  When I received it, the packaging was simple and nice.  The scant directions on the box are all you need to set this up.  It took just a few minutes to plug in and set up with my laptop.  I was guided along the process with very simple, easy to follow instructions.  Within five minutes of taking it out of the box, I was loading up my first Netflix show.  I set it up to work with my phone (DROID Razr Maxx HD) and tablets (Nexus 7 and 10).  Using my phone as a remote was cool.  When waking my phone up, a nice fullscreen showing my current Netflix show with options to pause, stop, and rewind were displayed.  Being able to make calls and send texts while controlling playback was amazing.This is a great little addition to anyone who doesn't have a smart tv and would like something easier and seamless to view Netflix with.  It doesn't take up any space on your entertainment center and it makes watching videos a breeze.  Because of my Chromecast, I'll never have to juggle three remotes or wait for my Blu-Ray to boot up and load.  That in itself makes this purchase a winner.  I'm excited for the future apps and compatibility that will surely come in time.  For now, though, I am extremely pleased with my Chromecast and would highly recommend it.
I added the near future caveat because currently the only apps that include casting are YouTube, Netflix, and Google Play's media apps. From what I've read online, developers are working on adding the feature to all the apps I want to see included (more specifically, PLEX).So what makes this device so awesome? It's not doing anything a whole lot different than my Roku or Xbox 360. It streams music and video just like any other internet streaming box does. So what's the big deal with this? It's cheap, it's easy to use, it's good for parties, and most importantly it makes watching video content over the internet more enjoyable. Let me explain.Currently:When watching videos online, you typically choose the video you want to watch using some remote that isn't great at navigation and typing input. After choosing said video, you watch it and then navigate again through the same ok navigation (probably taking a few minutes to pick your next video). All this time whoever is in the room with you is watching as you go adventuring through the media wild. Not much of a good coop experience (unless the second viewer can chuck things at you while waiting for the next video to start).Chromecast:Here's the beauty of Chromecast. TVs with d-pad type remote controls aren't good ways to navigate a large amount of digital content. So why do we think we need the remote control? Why not use that awesome little smart device almost every person has these days in their pocket? It has a keyboard, touch navigation, AND it's not coupled to the TV's display. That last part is key. So in the same scenario as before, I could be watching a show with a friend and, without interrupting our video, add some more videos after the one that is currently running. When our video ends, it just moves on to the next video in the queue. Cool right?Not only that, but your video/music can also become party play! Anyone in the house that is connected to your WiFi with an Android, iPhone, Windows Mobile, or Blackberry device can add to your queue. So now you have a Jukebox of music and video, where anyone can take control of your media without anything more than getting your WiFi password.Now I know some of this is already possible with AppleTV, but even there you have to use Apple only devices. With Chromecast, anyone can join in.I love using my phone/tablet to control what content I watch on my TV. I'm done with controllers.UPDATE:Another thing I realized yesterday at my parents' house while showing off their new Chromecast:The Chromecast turns your mobile device into a digital right media hub. So remember that example I made before about multiple people in the room having control of what content gets displayed on the TV? Well last night I realized that this also makes sharing the content you own or subscribe ridiculously easy. Take watching HBO Go, once they add support for casting to Chromecast, I could go to a friend's house and cast Game of Thrones straight to his TV. We wouldn't have to input a login/password or activate his device with HBO. It would just work. Or say I have bought some movies on the Play video store, I could cast them as well. So pretty much my phone is now a portable media hub for everything I own on the cloud and there is nothing more to sharing that content at a friend's house than just bringing my phone with me.I know I'm starting to sound like a sales person here but I just love how such a ridiculously basic device can totally change my concept of watching media. I love when things just work!
Alright.. I ordered 3 for the living room, bedroom and kids room. It works as expected and the video codec Google is using for Chromecast is fast and looks great with just 2 Wifi bars. This device compatibility will grow and I wouldn't be surprised to PPV apps crop up that will deliver special events through this product.I have noticed that LIVE YouTube video does not work yet (at least during my tests) but I expect this to also work within time.I can't be any happier with this product. My family is an Apple ecosystem (6 memebers= 7 ipads + 2 iPhones) household even with 1 Apple TV unit that hardly gets used because most times it streams from the iOS unit and if you go to a web page and want to play another video, what you're already watching on Apple TV will play it. Chromecast does not have this issue, one you start playing a video on Netflix or YouTube, you can continue to use the remote device.There are some rookie glitches with connecting at times but nothing that can't be worked around by restarting the app on your device and sure to be smoothed out on future updates.Overall, this product was able to add internet video capability to 2 non-smart HDTVs in the home on the cheap, and added to the living room TV (which is smart) as a faster and easier way to play video from our household mobile devices. I was about to buy a few Roku boxes but this product came out of the blue and solved our needs.For $35, it's cheaper than a night out at the movies in NYC. I highly recommend buying one just to be in the mix when that PPV premium stuff starts happening because it's inevitable.UPDATE 7/30/2013:I just successfully streamed on all 3 Chromecast at the same time 1080p video in 3 different rooms in the house with an Optimum Online 50Mbps plan line.. 2 from Netflix and 1 from Youtube. Solid performance.
What sets the Chromecast apart from the rest of the media streaming devices is the convenience.The implementation in Chromecast is not new. Casting to the screen can be done on PS3 and most recently on the Xbox 360 (both through the YouTube app).The difference with Chromecast is the ease off app switching. While on my PS3 or Xbox (or frankly any other dedicated streaming device), if I was watching YouTube and I started getting bored and wanted to see what was on Netflix, I would have to close the YouTube application and open the Netflix app, then surf around with the controller. The experience was just slow and cumbersome. Sometimes I would just watch something I didn't really want to watch because it just took too long to surf the interface and I would give up and choose something I recently watched.With the Chromecast, I can queue as many YouTube videos on the YouTube phone app and the Chromecast will continue playing the next video on the list. While the videos play, I can switch to my Netflix app on my phone and browse a video that I want to watch.The best part is I don't have to close any app on the Chromecast and open another one. If I'm watching a YouTube video and I hit play on my phones Netflix app, the Chromecast automatically switches to the Netflix app and starts playing the video.Another thing to note is that there is no ui on the Chromecast. There is no interface, and you don't have to use a controller or a remote, and slide one by one on the movie selections. You use your phone, tablet, or computer to find the content. These devices are better suited to find content as they are fast and have better manipulation of their interface (using touch screen or mouse and keyboard vs. A controller or remote)At the moment, there is a limited selection of apps that support streaming through Chromecast, however I believe developer support will be high on this device. It is the perfect bridge to get app contents on the home entertainment, without putting a lot of money and effort on different devices (Roku, TiVo, PS3, etc)
In the last two days I have become both the owner of a Google Chromecast and an Apple TV. Both devices certainly have their merits, and their price points, but honestly I think only one of them is a winner. A quick word first: I own a MacBook Pro (2007, not Airplay compatible), an iPhone 5 and an iPad. The only Android device in our household, a 2012 Nexus 7, belongs to my brother who is away from home at college. Okay, with that settled, let's put these things through their paces.- Google ChromecastThis $35 set-top-box-on-a-stick streamer is really a lot of great ideas in one. The problem only comes when those ideas don't, or perhaps can't, deliver. Let me start with setup. Google makes it seem like it's a one step process. Well, it's not. At least not for most people.* Step 1: Plug stick in TV. The Chromecast will switch your TV to the correct input and instruct you on how to configure your wifi.- * Optional Step 1a: If the HDMI port on your TV is unable to connect to the Chromecast because it will not fit, connect your device to the included HDMI extender and then connect it to your TV.- * Optional Step 1b: If the Chromecast does not power itself from the Plug the included USB power adapter into your Chromecast and plug it into your TV.- * Optional Step 1c: If your Chromecast does not automatically switch your television to the proper input, this feature may not be available for you and you will need to manually change your television or home theatre system to the proper input.Yup. It's as easy and plug-(and optionally plug)-and-play. Not the end of the world really, but you guys have no idea how ugly this sucker looked hanging off the side of my tv, especially with the USB cord dangling off of it. Once I was booted up I had to download and install a piece of software on my computer, that I'll likely only use this once, to configure the wifi on my device. Google says that iOS support for this part is coming soon. After the program installs I'm prompted to do another install, this time for a Chrome extension. Sigh. Okay. A few dialog boxes later I'm setup. Finally.But I'm a long-time user of Google products. Function first, then the pretty finish. And honestly, once your up and running, the UI of the Chromecast is pretty nice. Quick sidebar: We've got a Roku in our living room and I'd never put much thought behind how much I actually used the remote. I've got the Roku remote app on my iPhone and I use it a fair bit, but honestly, for simple pausing and rewinding, the physical remote is great. Now, back to the Chromecast, there is no remote. You must use a compatible app to start playing and control content. For example, my mother, God love her, doesn't carry her phone on her at all times like I do. On Friday, if I decided I didn't want to watch Arrested Development with her anymore, and I walked out of the room, she would have lost her ability to pause or control the show. This is part of the design of the Chromecast, and I honestly don't fault it for it. Is it frustrating? For Netflix? Yes. For tab streaming from Chrome? Not really. Which foreshadows my purchase of an Apple TV.What really peeved me about the Chromecast is that no matter what happens, if I'm using my iOS device, the content I want to push to the Chromecast MUST be available online. Local photo sharing? Nope. Local screen mirroring? Nope. Music? Well, Pandora support is coming... but local music is a no. And no Google Play Music app for iOS means no way for iOS users to play music at all for now.I'm not mad I bought a Chromecast. With the now defunct Netflix offer it was a steal and I look forward to seeing Google make it into something a little more useful than its current state. But honestly, the ideas and promises of the Chromecast made me lust after something else. Something that does do those things. Something I can buy today. And I did.- Apple TV (3rd Generation, rev A)From setup to boot up I never found myself wondering why I had to do something. The only thing missing from the box is an HDMI cable, which I keep a spare of anyways. The Chromecast does include all potential accessories, which is a nice surprise, but I don't won't give the Apple TV any marks off for not since none of the other set-top-streamers don't. Connecting to the wifi was easier than on the Chromecast since I could do it from my TV using the included remote. Yeah, a physical remote. I entered the password and then I had a working device.I put my iPhone into Airplay mirroring immediately and was having fun. Then I called my mom over and showed her how to share photos onto the screen (Open Photos app, tab Airplay icon). She picked it up effortlessly. This in contrast to me attempting to explain the Chromecast such that she never understood it.The Apple TV still has limitations, yes, but they're far fewer than that of the Chromecast. I'd like to see an App/Channel store and similarly the ability to hide some of the channels I'm never going to use.- Bottom LineThe fact is, iOS users and owners who have been lusting after an Apple TV but have never wanted to put down the $100 will be disappointed in a Google Chromecast. It just won't deliver the way an Apple TV could.But honestly, everything the Chromecast does Apple TV does better. Chromecast supports Netflix streaming when started from a mobile app, Apple TV lets you browse and start from your TV. Chromecast lets you mirror a browser tab, but Apple TV lets you mirror and entire display from OS X or iOS. So, if you're in the iOS ecosystem it's Apple TV. Accept no pretenders.For my friends on Android, it's probably just a meh. It doesn't do much right now, and for that reason and the Netflix offer ending you shouldn't get in much of a rush and especially if you already have a way to stream Netflix to your TV.And if you still can't decide, there's always the lovable Roku. It sits right in the middle price-wise and has the most to offer for people who honestly don't want to have to use a phone or a tablet to unlock more ways of accessing content.
I'm a gadget junkie. I already have a Vizio Co-Star, a Roku 2 and numerous smart TVs and Blu-Ray players. So streaming content is not all that new to me but I had to buy the Chromecast because it seemed so simple and open. After playing with it for a few days, it's well worth the $35 price tag and will likely become my default streamer of Netflix and YouTube.Most people now have a smartphone and/or tablet and usually have them within reach at all times. As much as I love my Co-Star, it's yet another clunky remote I have to grab for to utilize it to the max. The Roku remote is small but any searches are a pain in the backside. The Netflix interfaces on my other streaming devices are all stripped down and awful.The simplicity of the Chromecast is why people are going crazy over it. Grab your phone, tablet or computer and you can instantly stream to the device for the official apps or websites. As long as you have a decent router, there's almost no lag from when you input commands into your phone/tablet and when it happens on the screen. Picture is in big beautiful 1080p. The fact that the device can be operated Android and iOS is a butter, as my wife has iPhone and I have Nexus 4. My wife also hates learning how to use my new gadgets, but she learned how to use the Chromecast in about 2 minutes and is happy to bury the Roku & Co-Star remotes out of sight.As others have pointed out, this won't replace other streaming boxes until developers update their apps, but Google is making it pretty simple for them. But for me, I use Netflix and YouTube 95% of the time on my streaming boxes, so this will become my go to device.If this was $75, I'd give it 4 stars because of the lack of other services out the box, but at $35, it's a 5-star pickup and a no-brainer. I ordered two and may order some at work as this will be a nice way to show off my companies YouTube videos or show presentations during meetings without lugging a laptop around or having wires sprawled across the conference room table.
There seem to be a lot of questions about the setup, so I'll go through what I did.1. Plug the Chromecast into an HDMI input on your TV/Monitor/whatever.2. Depending on the HDMI port used, you may or may not need to also plug in the USB cable (provided with the Chromecast) to the Chromecast to provide power.  In my case, I connected it to a USB port on the TV.  There is also a power supply included in case you don't happen to have a USB port nearby.3. Turn on the TV, if it isn't already on, and select the HDMI port with the Chromecast as the input.4. Chromecast logo should appear for a few seconds as it boots up, then it should be ready to connect to your network.5. Follow the onscreen instructions which are very simple, you can use any computer, tablet, phone, as long as it connects to the same wifi network you plan to use your Chromecast on.  In case it isn't already obvious, you need a wifi network for the Chromecast to work.  That said, your TV DOES NOT need to be "smart" in any way, all your TV needs is an HDMI input.6. While setting up your Chromecast to connect to your network, there will be options for security (WPA, WPA2, etc etc), it will also display the MAC address of the Chromecast if you happen to have your wifi set to filter connections by MAC address.7. Once the Chromecast is connected to your network, it is ready to receive commands from any device connected to the network it is on.8. From a mobile device (tablet/phone), load up netflix or youtube.  There should be a button on the top of the screen that looks like a TV (a rectangle) with a few waves coming out of the corner.  Press on this button, and choose your Chromecast as the display.9. Pick something to watch, hit play, and watch on your TV.10. Remember the video stream isn't coming from your control device, it is going directly to the Chromecast from the internet.  Your device is simply the remote control.11. On computer, you can show the contents of tabs in a Chrome web browser, but this is performed by actually encoding a video stream on the fly and streaming it to the Chromecast.  The quality what you see on your TV will depend heavily on the specs of the computer you are streaming from.  Don't expect this to be pretty unless you have a great computer.12. EnjoySo far, I've been incredibly satisfied with the Youtube and Netflix performance of the Chromecast.  As this device is still brand new, there aren't many services that fully support it yet, but seeing how popular it is (sold out on Google Play, Amazon, and Bestbuy) I have very little doubt that in the coming days and weeks that most services will add Chromecast support.  For me, it works perfectly, streaming 1080p video with no hiccups, audio problems, or anything... then again, why would there be, all it does is stream video from the web, which is mostly dependent on your internet connection.  It takes a couple seconds to load up the apps to play videos, but once the app is loaded, switching between videos happens as fast as your internet connection allows the stream to buffer.I love it.
Chromecast's website says it's the "easiest way to watch online video and music on your TV" and I have to agree that once you're set up (which takes only a couple minutes at most), it's extremely easy to send things from my computer or phone to my TV. I have mine plugged into my audio receiver, and I've played around with 'casting' Spotify, Soundcloud, Showtime, Hulu and more to my TV from my Macbook and they all work really well (particularly the music sites). It's much easier to just cast something than deal with plugging in my Macbook via a HDMI cord...and I get the added benefit of being able to multitask while things are playing on my TV.Chromecast really has two features: i) pressing the 'cast' button from a mobile app or website--YouTube and Netflix for now, and Google Play Movies and Music for those that use it--and then ii) casting a full tab from Chrome on a laptop. You'll get better performance from the first feature, but being able to cast a tab from Chrome makes it so you can send virtually anything from the web to your TV. As Google announced at their event, they're already working with new content partners to integrate the cast button into more apps.The killer scenario to show how easy it is to start watching something on your TV is when I got a text message from a friend with a YouTube video to watch. I literally just opened the link from my text message, it opened up YouTube on my phone, and I pressed the cast button to send it to my TV. It took less than <30 seconds (Chromecast also automatically changed the input on my AVR for me). This is MUCH faster than if I used the YouTube app on my Smart TV, where I'd have to use a QWERTY keyboard/d-pad on my remote to start the YouTube app and search for the video.Well worth the $35.
This product fails at every turn. I thought "For $35 and 3 months free Netflix what do I have to lose?". Well $35 on a total piece of junk that I can't even give away and a flat out scam with the Netflix promo. I call it a scam since at the time I bought it Google advertised the "3 months free Netflix" offer. Then after they sell out google released this statement "Due to overwhelming demand for Chromecast devices since launch, the 3-month Netflix promotion is no longer available". Really?!?!? Keep in mind this was a day after it went on sale. I bought it prior to the "cut off date" but like all google products customer service is non-existent and I was never sent a code. Now on to the device. Bottom line it pretty easy to set-up but so is any non-google streaming device. Sometimes it works well sometimes it's a nightmare with horrible picture quality. I have a very fast internet connection and never had an issue running 2 apple TV's, ipads, cell phones, and a roku box all at the same time n the past. When I tested this it was the only thing running. Like similar devices it's always "on" but this thing gets insanely hot even when not in use. I have used my Apple TV and Roku 3 non stop all day and neither ever got remotely as hot as the Chromecast not in use. I have already disconnected this $35 piece of junk from my TV since that heat 24/7 against (or close to with the HDMI adapter) the TV can't be a good thing. Overall it is yet another google/android device that was far from ready to be released with limits that leave you bored after using it once and with the added Netflix scam I will never make the mistake of purchasing another Google/Android product in the future. Ironically I canceled my Netflix account a while back and have kinda missed it so I was going to keep it after the three months but I am so disgusted with the scam promo Netflix can go right on the list of products/services that I will never buy or use again next to google/android.
FIrst of all I have to say this Chromecast is just awesome. It really rocks! I came home Weds night and had the news on and heard a news story about the release of the device. I had a busy day Thursday. But early evening I read online that the Netflix promo had ended.I've never had Netflix and always wanted to try it since my friends are always talking about Arrested Delvelopment and Netflix content. I went to Amazon, Google Play and then Best Buy. I saw on Best Buy you could still purchase online if a store had it in stock and the free 3 months of Netflix was also still on the page. I checked the store near my house and it said it was unavailalbe. I looked at other stores and they were really far away. So the rest of the night I didnt think or feel bad that I couldn't buy a chromecast. After midnight I took a shower and went back to Best Buy's web site and brought up the list of stores that come up with my zip code. I saw a store in a part of town where I had to go on Sat to a birthday party at night. I got out my credit card and the purchase went through. One Friday I was hopeful that I would still be able to pick up the Chormecast since I got an email that my order was ready to pick up! FInally Sat came and I left 2 hours early for the birthday party and took my tablet with me. When I went to the pick up counter they had my Chromecast in a sealed box and the woman said they had been out of them since Weds. I told here how I bought mine after midnight Fri morning when I guess they added inventory to that Best Buy. I have the Samsung Galaxy tab2 7" that I purchased last Sept 2012. I went to the Samsung Store inside Best Buy and was given some help on how to conserve my battery.Everyone at Best Buy was wonderful.Now I came home from the birthday party at midnight and plugged in the Chromecast into the HDMI port and power supply to my usb port next to my HDMI port on my Samsung TV I bought last year at Best Buy. I then went to the web site the TV screen told me to go to on my tablet and it downloaded Chromecast.i also had my notebook ready since I knew from reading reviews that I was going to need to enter my passcode for my reuter. And that was easy.  I went to my youtube app and the video didnt play. After 10 mins I decide to go back to look at what info was in the Chromecast app.It listed Netflix, Youtube and Google Play. I clicked on youtube and it asked if I wanted to open it or install. I clicked on install and magic happen. All I needed was the lastest version of Youtube and I was able to stream perfectly 1080 HD video to my TV!After watching a few videos on my TV I decicde to see how you can go to any web site while streaming. I went to my email and found 2 emails from Best Buy. One confirming my order was picked up and a 2nd with info on my free code for 3 months of Netflix. I went to the Netflix app and installed the lastest version. Then I created a user name and passcode and  needed no credit card to start up Netflix. WIthin a few minutes I looked at all the content and then decicded to stream the pilot of Arrested Development. It was my 1st time seeing the show and I'm hooked on the show and to my Chromecast.I got really lucky not just getting the Chromecast from Best Buy but still getting for free 3 months of Netflix! I'm over the moon since my Samsung Tablet 2 7" had no way to stream and now I can watch endless youtube and Netflix at least for the next 3 months. I hope this doesnt cut into my time working out at the gym and all my other sports I play. Lol.Try Best Buys web site before they take down the Netflix promo. Hope this review helps someone. Get back to me with questions or comments if you'd like. Thanks for reading!
UPDATE: Chromecast can stream AVI, MPEG, and MP4 video files from computers. For now MKV files only play video, with no audio. May be a software update can address that.What is it?My previous article explains a bit about that.[...]Setup:Fairly simple. You can setup following provided instructions using your PC / Mac or in Android App. iOS App for setup is coming soon as of today. Doesn't mean you cannot play videos from iOS devices. You can still play from iOS devices after initial setup. It is said to be having 4 GB of flash memory and 512 MB of RAM.PROS:Stream from Android and iOS devices (Netflix and YouTube for now. More apps coming).Anything and everything you can play / open / do in your Chrome browser of Windows / Mac. This means a lot. Any content where there is no app, we can simply play from the computer. This also means you can open a local video file in your chrome and that can be streamed.Queue Management of the content. I can keep adding videos from YouTube to the TV playlist. Other devices in the same WiFi network can see and control the queue as well.CONS:Only Chrome Support in computer browsers. That is enough anyway.Sorry to Blackberry and Windows phone owners. Hey, still you can use your computer to stream.Some local file types may have challenges, for now.Mobile device streaming at the mercy of individual apps. Glad to have Netflix on board. There is YouTube obviously. I am expecting that supported app list to grow fast. Need an app to play local mobile device videos / pictures.No mirroring of mobile device like iOS AirPlay.Will it replace Roku / Xbox Streaming / Apple TV?It potentially can, if you have a computer at home. For me, it definitely will. It will even replace my Home theater Windows PC. There is hardly any content that is not playable in computer but only in these streaming boxes. Anything that plays in Chrome browser, can be streamed to Chromecast. Period.Bottomline, for $35 you get too much!
I ordered this the hour it went on sale on Amazon, and I'm glad I did, because not only did I make it under the cutoff to get the Netflix promotion (which really makes this a steal at $11) but I got it before it sold out and was at my door Friday. After having a few days to play with it, I can safely say this is one amazing device and really a smart move by Google.It comes in a nice little package with an HDMI extender (for those tight ports on your TV), Micro-USB cord, and wall adapter, as well as a little instruction booklet I didn't really look through. To set it up, you just plug it into your HDTV or A/V Receiver (I plugged it right into the front HDMI port of my Denon AVR-1613) then plug in the usb cord for power into your TV's, Receivers, or any other USB port close by (my A/V receiver has a USB port right next to the front HDMI port, you can also plug into the wall if need be). It immediately lights up and, provided your HDTV/ Receiver is setup with CEC (Consumer Electronics Control, allows HDMI to control the device) it'll change the input automatically and even turn on some TVs!Once it's on, you're greeted to nice looking setup screen, it tells you to go to a URL on your Mac/PC to download the small Chromecast application for setup. Once you start setup it actually connects your computer's wifi to connect direly to the Chromecast, this allows you to see what networks are available for the Chromecast to connect to. You can change the name of the Chromecast to whatever you want and select your local 2.4ghz wifi network (hopefully the next revision has 5ghz abilities). It takes a little bit to connect, but once it's on the network, YOU'RE DONE! Here comes the fun.So, the idea of this product is you can send Youtube and Netflix links to the Chromecast and it plays those videos on your TV in up to 1080p with 5.1 surround (surround only for Netflix right now), then your phone, tablet, computer acts as the remote control. However, this is just the beginning of what it can do. First off, you need to have Chrome installed on your computer (preferably the Beta or Dev version, I'll get to why in a minute), then install this extension to have the ability to mirror your chrome internet tabs to your TV: [...]With this extension installed, a button appears in the top right corner of your browser which gives you the ability to stream content on your browser to your TV in 720p max with a click of the mouse. There is a slight half second lag, but no worse than something like WiDi. You have options as well, streaming quality, zooming to fit, and browser re-sizing allow you to change the look depending on your preference and TV/Computer. When you click on the name of your chromecast, it immediately starts streaming and changes the input on your TV/Reciever, you see the tab you started streaming from and you can browse any site and have it mirrored, allowing you to watch Hulu, Vimeo, go to Facebook, anywhere you want on the web. With this, it only casts that one tab, so you can actually browse other tabs or windows on you computer and it won't change what's showing up on your TV, this can be great for watching Hulu in one tab on your TV, and checking facebook on your computer in another tab.Now, getting back to why you should have the Beta or Dev channels of Chrome installed on your computer, this gives you access to the extra Chromecast feature of FULL SCREEN MIRRORING, that's right, Chrome will stream your entire computer's screen. You can see your desktop, folders, and other applications in 720p right on your TV. To do this, you have to click on the little down-arrow in the right hand corner of the Chromecast extension, here you will see "Cast current tab", "Cast entire screen (experimental)" and the ability to toggle "Audio mode"* to stream the audio as well as video from your computer. Selecting entire screen does exactly that, this is obviously something google is still perfecting and testing, but it has worked very well for me so far. It does take a bit more performance from your computer and local videos do not play that smoothly just yet, but it's still a nice feature. You can also drag local videos into your browser and stream that tab, but that has its hiccups as well. This type of screen mirroring is in it's beta stages though, so I'm sure it will be improved upon, streaming videos from the movies app on your phone works much better. The fact that a $35 device like this has this capability is just amazing anyway, I'm very excited to see how it evolves from here.Streaming Netflix is a breeze, using either your phone, tablet, or computer, you can select a movie/show, and select to play on your chromecast. The beauty of this is that the video doesn't stream from your device, so it's not using resources or battery on your phone or computer, the Chromecast plays Netflix natively and your other device just acts as a remote control and you can even exit the app all together and it'll still keep playing on your TV. The chromecast button even shows up in the web browser version of Netflix, making it super easy to find and watch anything. If your family all uses the Netflix app it will stay synced with whatever is playing on the Chromecast and all devices can be used together as remotes, it won't kick anyone off. Netflix looks wonderful on the Chromecast, and if more developers take advantage of the Chromecast like Netflix did, we're in for something really special here (I'm looking at you Amazon Prime!!). Google didn't leave anyone out either, iOS devices have access to the same Netflix app control as Android users.Finally you can play your local music from your phone using the wonderful Google Play Music app, it streams directly to the Chromecast and can even pull songs from your Google Cloud. The album art shows up on screen and you can browse all your music and control it from your phone while it plays on the Chromecast. This is much better and easier than using bluetooth or just plugging your phone into your receiver. Pandora is supposed to add support very soon, so I'll update when that hits, I'm very excited about that and hopefully developers like Spotify will follow suit. Unfortunately, the music app does not allow multiple devices to queue music into a Chromecast playlist, the Youtube app does allow this for videos, and the Nexus-Q did allow this for music, so I'm hoping Google will add that ability very soon, but it's still good for playing a playlist on one device right now.One last note, the Chromecast does get VERY hot to the touch, supposedly this is normal and Google has acknowledged as such. There is a huge heat sink inside that goes right up against the plastic shell, be careful when handling after heavy usage. I think it is designed to handle extreme heat, so you shouldn't worry about the device, but just thought I'd mention it.So, to wrap up, this is one hell of a device for $35, and really should be a part of every living room, it just has so many capabilities and even more potential. Do yourself a favor, and pick one up, you won't be sorry, should make a great gift too!*UPDATE: The "audio mode" I referred to earlier is actually a feature that lowers video bandwidth in favor of increasing audio bandwidth when streaming for better quality and consistency when playing music from your browser. It DOES make your video extremely choppy, so if you want to watch video, un-check the "audio-mode" and and your stream will still play audio, but the video will be of a much better frame-rate. You can turn Audio on and off with the little speaker button that shows up when casting.
Setup: Chromecast on front (AUX) HDMI port of Onkyo AV Receiver TX-NR515 to Panasonic Viera TC-L47ET5 (everything purchased from Amazon)Pros: Excellent TV picture and sound with Netflix and YouTube  Convenient program/movie selection via iPad  $35 price tag cheap even without Netflix Promotion  Free shipping with Amazon PrimeCons: Cannot set up Chromecast (yet?) from iOS device  Cannot cast tabs from Chrome on iOS devices  Chromecast doesn't pick up my WiFi from rear HDMI port of the Onkyo AV Receiver  Amazon delays 5-7 days to email the Netflix Promotion Code (for earliest purchasers)  Apps on iOS so far limited to Netflix and YouTube  Google-supplied HDMI extender cable only inches long and too short to relocate Chromecast device from rear of AV Receiver to  front In order to pick up WiFi signal.Experience: I managed to set up my Chromecast, but not without a few time consuming issues.  First came the unwelcome surprise that I could not set it up from the Chrome browser on my iPad.  I had to use a Mac or Windows computer.  But, my iMacs are upstairs, and my entertainment system is downstairs...TILT!  Ah, but we do happen to have an older MacBook running OS X 6.8.  So, I hauled it downstairs and installed Chrome on it for the setup.  OOPS! The setup requires OS X 7 (Lion) or later.  So, I tried, anyway, and despite the on-screen warnings, it worked...well, sort of at first.  Next, one must read the step-by-step directions carefully, especially the one to switch the WiFi network on the computer to the one running on the virgin Chromecast device.  OK, check! My Chromecast at that point was plugged into HDMI slot #5 in back of the Onkyo AV Receiver, and I had swiveled the receiver around 90° so that the Chromecast device was visible to me and to the WiFi source, apparently.  So, eventually the setup worked, that is until I turned the Onkyo AV Receiver back to its normal position such that the Chromecast dongle (even using the short extender that is supplied) was behind the receiver.  It was no longer able to pick up my WiFi signal in that position.  No real worry: I just relocated it to the sole front HDMI port of the receiver, and it picked up the WiFi signal easily.  By the way, the HDMI port on the receiver does not supply power to the Chromecast device, so the USB power is required with my setup.  I was able to use one of the two USB ports on my Onkyo receiver for the power source (the other one is used by a WiFi adapter).  Well, everything works now, and with my Logitech Link setup, I can select Chromecast operation by selecting the corresponding programmed icon on the Harmony app.  It should be noted that the extra HDMI and USB ports on the Onkyo TX-NR515 AV Receiver really facilitated the setup as an alternative to plugging the Chromecast directly into the Panasonic TV.  Now I await Google's promise to come up with more apps and to offer an iOS compatible version of Chrome so that I can cast tabs to the TV via the Chromecast device.  At this point, the Chromecast is a toy gadget in progress to becoming a really useful adjunct to my entertainment system, especially since I already have four other ways for playing Netflix and three other ways for YouTube on my TV (Apple TV, Roku, Vizio BluRay Disk Player, and the Viera TV apps themselves).
====08/14/13 UPDATE; ORIGINAL REVIEW BELOW=====I had to contact Amazon customer service via chat to obtain my Netflix incentive code. As best I can tell, it was never emailed to me. I have now successfully applied it to my account.The actual device: Tab casting: I wish somehow, my PC would not have to actually stream the video, too, in order to cast the video to Chromecast...just the streaming related commands. My PC gets really hot when streaming...and does shut down occassionally becasue of this. So, indeed, if you are not using your PC to actually WATCH a video, but only to cast to your real TV, why tax the PC's CPU to stream video, too? There are occassional stutters, too, but they do not happen a lot. Resolution of the casting tab on my TV sometimes degrades, too. This is likely due more to connectivity congestion rather than the device itself.Android tablet app: I have a Samsung Smart TV which has access to all the applications/streaming platforms available in the current app. So, really, except for a bit more convenience as remote control, until more 'channels' or apps are written to provide more content for the app, it really is just 'okay,' redundant to my content available via a Smart TV. It would also be great if tab casting could be available in a chrome browser available on these mobile devices (smart phones and tabs). You cannot currently tab cast on mobile devices.===============================================I'll update once I receive the actual device, but...1. You'll never get 5 stars out of me simply due to how Amazon (and Google) withdrew the Netflix subscription incentive within hours of releasing this product. Sorry people can do basic math Amazon, but this was a no-brainer. Why even offer such an incentive? This was quite a sore point for me in your product launch.2. Amazon was very specific in its time frame regarding those who had access to the Netflix incentive. However, the best a customer can see online is what DATE he purchased, not the time of day, which was critical here as Amazon 'cheapishly' withdrew the offer at 5:31 PT on 7/24. While I do *believe* I nabbed the incentive as I'm in the ET zone and definitely remember ordering during the day, it would be nice for Amazon to list the exact time, since that was critical in this issue.More once the product arrives.
Installed it, and it looks like it could be a very nice product, EXCEPT, nowhere does it tell you the system requirements to run this thing properly BEFORE purchase!There is some MISLEADING advertising going on wit this device!  My video is very choppy and it turns out that though everything else in my chain is full speed, and full connection, the GOOGLE installation and setup site used during setup AFTER YOU PAY FOR THIS product tells you you need a "2nd generation i5 core processor, 2Ghz+ for 720p steaming, and minimum i3 core for 480 SD streaming!  You also must have Windows 7 or newer.So I paid double to get one of these thinking it would save me from buying another PC with HDMI to hook to my TV directly, when it turns out, you need a $500 PC to run the thing smoothly!  I could have paid another $100 and just hooked up an eMachine Atom, or the small dual core PC directly anyhow for less money!  Bottom line - if you already have an i5 2Ghz+ this thing likely do well.  Anything less, you might as well hook up a cheap PC with HDMI capability and a wireless keyboard/mouse combo.  That will be cheaper than buying this thing, plus a new $500 PC.The way they are getting around the hardware system requirement not being published, and saying you can use some little dual core Android, etc. is because they can claim some folks may not need to stream 480 or 720 video, and it will display webpages with less, but it will NOT stream worth 2 cents on less than the required processors.  I tried it using a new E-300, Atom based PC with 6GB memory.  It uses 1.6GB of memory which is not the problem, but it runs the processor at 100%, even on the 480 setting and still freeze frame video with unsynchronized sound and much delay.I either have to return this now and use my Atom as direct HDMI out and my wireless keyboard/mouse, or keep it and use it someday later down the road with a new i5 core PC or better.I'm very surprised at the high overall ratings it shows, but I guess I must be in the majority with my little dual-core Atom E-300, and my older Core 2 Duo PC with XP (XP won't work) to not have the ability to run it properly.  Just not worth it to me to have to buy a new $500 PC to stream this thing.  Amazon could have saved me lots of trouble by at least re-posting what the Goggle setup site requires as the minimum PC hardware requirements and not just the operating system requirements.
I've had a Logitech Revue Companion Box with Google TV and Keyboard Controller since it first came out.  Watching movies on it using Netflix or Amazon Instant Video is almost impossible because of the number of Shockwave crashes.  But I like being able to browse the web on my TV with it.  I was so excited to see an alternative to Google TV, the Chromecast.  While it doesn't have as many features as Google TV does, it sure is a lot more reliable!The Chromecast was easy to set up.  I opted to plug it in to my A/V receiver rather than my TV, so I don't get the automatic input switching like some people are when they plug the Chromecast in to their TV.  No biggie.  The Chromecast connected to my WiFi network okay, but the signal was a bit low.  So I installed the HDMI extender that comes in the package (the bag it was in said it improves the WiFi reception as well).  I got an extra bar on the WiFi signal after using the HDMI extender, so if you have a problem with your WiFi signal, give it a try.I love being able to play Netflix movies and music from Google Play Music.  I don't browse YouTube all that much, but it works just as well.  You just hit the new "cast" icon in these apps to send the video or audio to your Chromecast.  There is also a Chrome extension that allows you to cast any Chrome tab from your PC to your TV.  You can then open additional Chrome tabs without disturbing the tab that is currently being cast.  For example, you can start a YouTube video or have another website up on your TV and if you open another Chrome tab on your PC, it does not automatically get shown on your TV until you press the "cast" button... the old tab remains on the screen undisturbed.I haven't had any crashes or disconnects yet, which is more than I can say for Google TV.  Funny how Google TV boxes can run upwards of 200 hundred dollars or more and it can crash constantly, but this little $35 box does not.  Sure, the app support is limited for now, but this won't last too long.  With the popularity of this thing, I'm sure new apps will be jumping on board left and right!  The only thing that could have made the Chromecast even better would have been an HDMI pass-through like Google TV has so you can keep your TV signal in the corner while you view your Chrome tab or apps on the screen.At the intro price, this device can't be beat.  I can't wait to see what new apps and other updates come in the future.  Hopefully Amazon will release a Chromecast-compatible app for Prime Instant Video someday!
I didn't see an option to view the Chrome browser from my nexus 4 or nexus 7. I was able to view my desktop version of Chrome and the view is very poor quality. Tried Pandora and the sound is extremely choppy. Tried the YouTube app from nexus 4 and nexus 7 device and again the video is just poor. Playing music seems to be fine. Shows the image of the cover album on the screen. No options to show images like AppleTV. Did not try Netflix because Google stopped the 3 month trial.[video quality update] Video quality from YouTube seems to be fine. I don't see an option to play different resolutions for the video but maybe the fist time it tries the lower resolutions. I don't normally watch YouTube on my Nexus 7 but I did buy the Chromecast so that I can play YouTube on my TV. Maybe I don't know the app very well but I don't see a way to change the quality like on the desktop version. Seems to be working fine now. I expect the quality to up and down I guess. Gave another star to the product.[Netflix update] I was one of the lucky ones to meet the order deadline and did receive the code a week later. I'm a new Netflix user and one of the reasons I wanted this device. I don't know where I've been but Netflix is great. But this is a Chromecast review so I'll say the video quality is great and didn't have any streaming issues. I've only used the Netflix app and don't know what the video management is in a browser. I quick look at the browser version seems to have more features and options and seems like the app has the bare minimum for now. I'm thinking with time the app will be enhanced. Gave another star to the product.
I bought this as soon as it was announced this week. I figured for $35 and 3 free months of Netflix (at the time) how could you go wrong. I got it yesterday and I am very impressed. I downloaded the chromecast app on my Nexus phone to set it up but you can just as easily set it up from a Windows or Mac computer or tablet. It took me almost as long to open the box it as it took to set it up, just a few minutes.The steps to use it. From the phone/tablet just launch Netflix, YouTube or Google Play and pick a video and choose to Cast it to the TV. What happens next is what really impresses me. It not only turns on your TV but also switches the input to the proper input (HDMI1, 2 or whatever) and starts playing. At that point you can use your device however you'd like while the video plays as its not dependent on the source device at all. If you want to stop, ffwd, rewind or whatever just launch the app and it will show you the controls to do so. YouTube allows you to queue up as many videos as you'd like which it will play in succession. I primarily use it from my Nexus but have tested with an old iPhone and it works great there too. Had a friend over yesterday and we were loading the YouTube queue simultaneously from my Nexus and his iPhone.If you'd like to Cast from your browser launch Chrome and download the plugin available in the Chrome Store then all you do is press the icon in the right hand corner of the screen and your browser tab will show up on the TV.Its so easy to use you almost forget its there. Its a very natural extension of using your tablet or phone and the videos looked great. HD YouTube looks amazing.These apps give you a good deal to watch as it is but they have already said more are on the way.  In addition they have a software developers kit out there so any developer can add this casting functionality to their app on any Apple iOS or Android device.  Possibilities could be endless.
I actually ordered a Chromecast the day it was announced from Google. However the next day, I was told that they were available for purchase at bestbuy. I was anxious to try it out so I went and bought another one and gave it a try.Setup was easy and within 5 minutes, I was watching a youtube video on my 65" TV. The quality was VERY good. I tried a 1080p video first "Big Buck Bunny" and it looked, played and sounded wonderful. Next, was playing music from my Google Play music app. Same result, the music sounded great.I moved on to my Macbook Pro, and again, the videos was clear, without lag, no audio sync problems at all. Same for my Windows PC.Those considering buying the Chromecast  should consider what the Chromecast actually is and does, instead of what they wish it could do. So here are some facts:1. The Chromecast is not a streaming device of local digital content. In other words, it does NOT play digital music and videos that is stored locally on your network drives or computers. However there is a work-around for this:Use PLEX Media Server. If you don't already have it, here's the link:[...]Once you download it and point it to your files,it will act as a proxy and allow your music and videos to be played on your HDTV using the Chromecast through the Chrome browser. Simply launch the PLEX Media Manager in Google Chrome browser. Pick a file to play, Hit the Google Cast button and you'll get seamless playback of your own files. [Edit: Please see comments to see an alternative method].2. The Chromecast is not a DLNA or Miracast device or Apple's airplay. This is a lot like my number 1 fact, but I wanted to make this clear. If you want device mirroring (display whatever is on the device's screen), the Chromecast, is NOT for you. The video and music does NOT stream from the controller device (Your computer, tablet, smartphone). Chromecast works by fetching the content from a website or cloud service itself, NOT from the device you're using. Here's what's cool about that:A. You could start playing a video using your smartphone,tablet,computer as a "remote" and still be able to browse the web, play a game, check your social apps, write a book report, put the device to sleep,turn the device completely off (I tried this myself), or leave the house, and the video WILL still play without issues.B. Your battery life is saved! Because your phone, tablet or computer (not plugged in)is not actually streaming to the Chromecast, your battery consumption is minimal. You could Play dozens of movies over several days and still have most of your battery life remaining (Of course this would depend on what else you do with the phone, tablet or computer and how long your device can stay in standby).C. Every device connected to the Chromecast on the same network can take control of playback, adding to the queue (what's going to play next). Pause, fast forward, rewind, etc. So if your roommate, friend, parent, sibling, spouse, girlfriend/boyfriend has to leave with their device, you don't have to worry.D. You can play content from thousands upon thousands of sources using your computer. Using Google Chrome, nearly every webpage, that has content can be viewed using Chromecast. Of Course, this depends what protocols the site is using. If the site has trouble playing on your computer, then it probably won't work well on the Chromecast, either.3. Chromecast IS cross platform (works with multiple devices). As I said, I tried it with several devices with different operating systems. At the time of this review, it works on Windows PC's, Macbooks, and android devices. The app for iOS devices is coming soon. Everyone knows the Apple App store has stringent policies and at times, it can be a long process. Look at the Onlive game streaming app. We won't get into how Apple has been trying to eradicate google applications from it's ecosystem anyway. I'm sure the app is waiting for approval. Just be patient. [Edit: Please see comments for a reply to it working on iOS devices].There are several youtube videos that can show you how to set it up or how well it works. I made a video myself:[...]Watching my video isn't required, but it does help to verify what I'm saying.4. The device you use with the Chromecast, must be on the same WIFI network. The important word here is WIFI. If you are trying to use it, with a ethernet (wired) connected device, even though it's on the same network, it will NOT work! Yes, that sucks, but not being able to use sink water in your gas tank, kind of sucks to. If that's a deal breaker for you, then you shouldn't purchase it. It's how they chose to implement it's use. It is, what it is. [Edit: Please see comment section].5. The Netflix 3 months free limited time offer is over! I received 3 months free with both my purchases. I live in the eastern time zone. Even though I bought my second Chromecast on July 25th at 6:46pm. I realize that when the offer was no longer available, it should have been posted immediately so that consumers could factor that into their decision to buy the Chromecast. Instead of calling it a limited time offer, they should have said "while supplies last." Never the less, the features and functionality of this device has nothing to do with the inadequacy of a bonus offer. To help people make a decision about a future purchase and if it will work for THEM in the home configuration they have, is paramount in my book.6. The Chromecast REQUIRES power through USB connection or from your wall outlet. The required peripherals ARE provided to you in the retail box. Some people are saying if you have an HDMI 1.4 compatible port on the back of your TV, the device can be powered by the HDMI port alone, without the USB cord connected. I CANNOT speak to that, as my HDMI ports did NOT power the Chromecast. I had to use the provided USB wire and connect it to a USB port available on the back of my TV.Overall, I'm extremely pleased with the purchase. I've read some of the other reviews, particularly the 1 and 2 star reviews, because it's an indicator of what can possibly go wrong with the device. I would suggest that people make their decision based on people that have actually bought the device and have experience connecting, setting it up and ACTUALLY using the device. Most of the bad reviews are from people that have not used it, didn't understand the features of the device, or, to be honest, has a problem with the competition between Apple and Google and wants to dismiss this product because of their affinity for Apple products. Look at the features and functions of this device and consider them for yourself.I hope this review helps someone who may be considering this device.EDIT: Recently more apps were added with chromecast support, including the PLEX app! Other editions are: HBO Go, Hulu Plus, Pandora, Vevo, Redbull.tv, Songza, Post TV, Viki, Real Player Cloud.
Here are my thoughts after one day of use.Installation:I have a TV that doesn't have HDMI 1.4 (i believe it can draw power from a 1.4 device, not sure though). Connected the USB to my TV and it powered up.Installed the Chromecast app on my RAZR. I got the device to go from Step0->Step1 where a 4-letter ID shows up but my RAZR immediately reported an error (saying the communication failed). I just couldn't get it to work with my phone. I finally picked up my laptop. I was able to go from Step1->Step2 where I provided the 4-letter ID. The Chromecast device had serious trouble connecting to my network (I have 2 routers with different names but it wouldn't connect to either of the two routers). After dabbling with the device (turn off, turn on) and the app (restart the app) it finally did connect (although there were no logical set of steps that I could come up with).Use of Chromrcast:First i installed the Chromecast extension and tired out a youtube video. It should be noted that the chromecast device does not mirror the screen but rather works very similarly to the way youtube works with smart-tvs. It sends the appropriate information to the chromecast device and then you are free to turn off the device if you would like. However, this would not allow you to pause/rewind/ff the program you are watching. This is different than the experience that I have with my panasonic tv which allows me to control the programming even after the device has been turned off. This was a little bit of disadvantage.Netflix worked similarly too (thanks for the 3 months of free subscription!) and I found having to go to the device that started the programming to control ff/rewind/pause etc. Not a problem but definitely not an optimal experience as watching the program from an in-built app.Amazon instant video (and I really wanted this to work because I have a prime membership) doesn't work. You can cast a tab from chrome onto the screen. The movie will play too on the screen but it stutters big time. This is because in this case the screen is being mirrored as opposed to youtube and netflix which support the native mode. I hope this feature is included as part of instant video. I wasn't expecting this to work (but was desperately hoping it would!) but this is an observation.I also tried playing movies from my hard drive thro the chrome browser. I saw three issues. a) it only plays some formats even if your laptop is capable of playing more formats. b) video stutters thro. c) There was no audio. Not sure why the browser muted it and did not allow an option to unmute.Video quality (netflix and youtube): In one word, excellent. No stutters, no pixelation (at least 10 feet away). The audio quality is good as well although I do not know if this is 7.1 quality. I haven't tried installing this onto my receiver directly but definitely plan on doing that soon.Still hoping for more streaming apps (especially Amazon, are you listening!) and using an device (not just the one that started the program) to control the programming using the chromecast app. Rather use the app as a simple remote (a touch-pad type remote) would be nice.I must add though that I had no issues installing and updating the Chromecast device from a Samsung-S3. Not sure what the issue with Razr was.
The apps are great on both my Nexus 7 (2013) and Windows 8 laptop. Youtube and Netflix both play video in 1080p and using your device as a remote is almost as responsive as a real remote. I did have some issues with the youtube app on my laptop; sometimes a video ad would play on my laptop and when the ad was done I would no longer have control over the video that was being played on the Chromecast.The function to automatically turn on the tv did not work for either my tv, which is a few years old, or my parent's tv, which is a few weeks old.The laptop screen share essentially works as a wireless hdmi cable, but it has a few expected flaws. Initially, my router was upstairs and I was testing on my middle floor, and it was impossible to screen share a video. It was far too laggy and glitchy (testing on South Park Studios and HBO Go). I then moved the router down to the middle floor and placed it near my tv, and the performance was greatly improved to the point where I was able to stream video. Even though the performance was improved, I would rather just stream video with a cable under most circumstances. The screen sharing resolution is also maxed out at 720p. Hopefully more content providers will make their own apps, which clearly perform better than the screen sharing.The Chromecast is nice for laptops/desktops and incredible for mobile devices. The ability to starting playing a video, then turn off your screen or start doing something else is not possible with just a hardwired connection (for mobile).There are a few things that I still haven't tested, such as multiple mobile devices queueing up a Youtube playlist, but overall for only $35 I highly recommend it. Google has publicly released the SDK, so it's only going to get better.
I received this yesterday.  It took all of 3 minutes to install.  The installation on PC is performed from a downloaded EXE.  Your system WiFi is momentarily disconnected from your local WiFi and connects to the Chromecast dongle.  From there the setup configures the Chromecast to connect to your PC's formally in use WiFi SSID. After setup your PC is returned back to its normal WiFi connection.  The process is amazingly smooth.So far I have "cast" from a PC notebook, Kindle Fire, IPad, and S3 phone.  Chromecast takes queues from Apple with the in-App "cast" button.  Multiple Chromecast dongles are supported from the cast button, so you can cast to several TVs or rooms from a single device. Any application that had the cast button works great.  So far Netflix, YouTube, and the Chrome browser have cast buttons.  Netflix works great on this product from every device I tried.  Video playback appears equal to more expensive devices like Xbox or PS3.  My receiver indicated only stereo playback from Netflix and not surround sound.For YouTube the cast button is built into the videos.  Casting a video from the video cast button and not the browser cast button produces finer video playback.  When casting from the browser, the active tab is cast without frame, buttons, or URL address bar.  You will not see the mouse moving around on the Chromecast screen but highlighting text is mirrored to the TV.  Using the ctrl + and ctrl - buttons (to change browser zoom) on my PC also changed the zoom of the browser on the Chromecast.  Silverlight and QuickTime video where hit or miss (mostly miss) but Google has indicated they are not supported.  Because casting stays on the App or browser tab being cast this has great potential for business presentation use.Chromecast is able to display local network content and websites.  Using the Chrome browser I was able to browse local file shares, like my freenas (using the url: file://freenas/) and play local videos in MKV and MP4 but not WMV.  Local video playback was choppy on high bit rates videos (1-2GB) and smoother at lower rates (200-400 mb).  I suspect that Chromecast apps will correct this in the future.  Mp3 audio files played from the browser cast and sounded amazing.Chromecast connected on my 2.4 ghz WiFi.  The WiFi signal strength is displayed on screen prior to casting a source.  WiFi signal strength was on the week side, most likely a limitation of the small form factor and no external antenna.  I added an Asus repeater (RT-N12) to the room and this corrected the signal strength issue.I have read that the dongle can power off of the HDMI port alone but that was not the case with my Pioneer 7.1 Receiver.Overall this product is a no brainer at $35.  This product has huge potential especially as new apps are introduced.
When I first heard about this, I was pretty excited. I wasn't sure if it would do exactly what I wanted, but for $35, I was willing to try it out. I got it yesterday and set it up on a Samsung Galaxy Note tablet. I didn't realize from the ads that it required a separate power supply. Fortunately, my TV has a USB port that I could plug it into. I would have hated to have another device to plug into the power strip. However, having it plugged in to the USB port means that it can't turn on the TV when the TV is turned off (like they do in the ads).It was nice being able to see Youtube videos on TV, but I generally don't spend much time only watching Youtube videos (I'm usually checking my e-mail or browsing the web at the same time) and I don't use Netflix or buy anything through GooglePlay, so Youtube was basically all I could use it for. Even with that, I feel like if you have a decent sized computer screen, there really isn't any point in trying to watch a short Youtube video on a large TV. Also, I don't like the fact that I have to use GoogleChrome to use the device. You can also get Netflix, Youtube and other applications through a SmartTV or a blu-ray player with Wi-Fi, so if you have either of those, there really isn't any point in using this device.I think it's nice for the novelty, but like someone else said in another review, it's basically just a "Youtube player". Ultimately, I think it would be better to shell out a hundred or so bucks and get an HDMI video transmitter and then be able to see whatever you want from your computer on your TV screen.
f you don't care too much for content that is exclusively on traditional TV and don't have a massive local library, this device is perfect! The user experience is seamless like what we've come to expect from Apple.I used to have a computer plugged into my TV with a wireless keyboard. This brought an end to that.Price: For $35 and three free months of Netflix (worth $24), it costs about the same as a nice sandwich. With the Roku stick priced at $99 as the closest rival, I didn't even bat an eyelid buying this!Setup: So easy! Plug into a power source and HDMI cable, run one-time the setup app on Android or your computer to hook it up to your home wifi network and it's ready to go.Interoperability: The way this works is your mobile devices or computer talk to Google servers and Google relays the message back to your Chromecast, so your devices are never directly streaming to your Chromecast. I suspect the way Chrome browser mirroring works is that Chrome pushes the DOM up and Google relays it back down to your Chromecast.What all this means is that the device is super easy to use. You can control is from multiple phones as long as they're on the same wifi network with no additional authentication. Starting a stream from one app or device automatically takes over from the last.It also means your phone's isn't killing its battery streaming to your TV. In fact, its likely using less power than it would playing the video on its own screen.Local Content: Chromecast is basically a stripped down version of Chrome running on a dongle connected to your TV. That means all content has to be streamed over a web protocol, so your MKVs are likely to not work.I'm trying to see if I can write an app to reference my local storage in some useful way. The API is here - [...]Simplicity: The lack of feature clutter makes this device amazing! It promises Netflix, YouTube and Chrome tabs from your computer (hint: pretty much everything else) and does it really well!. Another big win over the Roku stick is that there's no extra remote to worry about. You can control this from the apps you know and love.I have a Sonos that I love but this takes it a step further because I don't have to use something like the clunky Sonos app and I can directly use the YouTube or Netflix apps.Video Quality: I was getting 1080p from Netflix over my FiOS connection regularly. It helps that my TV is placed right over my router.Verdict: Shut up and take my money!
In this review, I will focus on a feature that has not been covered well by other reviewers. In Google's introduction of the chromecast device, they showed how they could press the chromecast button in the youtube app on smartphone and the TV would automatically turn ON and switch to the correct input to play the youtube video. I can confirm that it works exactly like they demoed. It is pretty impressive :-)There a few things you need to do to make it work. Firstly you have to enable the HDMI-CEC feature on your TV. HDMI-CEC is marketed under different names by different manufacturers. Panasonic calls it Viera-Link, Onkyo calls it RIHD and Toshiba calls it Regza link. You will have to read your TV manual and find out how to enable HDMI-CEC correctly in the TV settings. For my Panasonic TV, I set the "Viera Link" to "ON" and "Power on Link" to "Yes". The "power on link" setting allows the chromecast device to Turn ON the TV when you send a video to the chromecast device. Also, for the chromecast device to Turn ON the TV, it should be plugged in directly to a power outlet using the included adapter. If you power chromecast though the USB port on your TV, it will lose power when you switch OFF the TV. Chromecast device with no power cannot turn ON the TV. Make sure you turn OFF everything after changing the settings to test the Auto power ON functionality.After you setup the TV as described above you can send the video to TV and chromecast will turn it ON and switch the input to the one you have plugged the chromecast device into.For users who have an Audio Video Receiver (AVR), the above setup may not be the best. I could set up the TV to send audio to the receiver through Audio Return Channel(ARC). But for some reason ARC would pass through only stereo sound. Not the DD+ 5.1 sound from Netflix. I don't know if this is an inherent limitation of ARC. Also, after watching a youtube video, switching back to cable TV is a pain. You have to manually switch the input on the TV and the receiver.So in my final setup, I plugged in the chromecast device directly into the receiver. With this setup I can receive DD+ 5.1 sound from Netflix movies. With this setup, chromecast can automatically turn ON the receiver and switch to the correct input on the receiver. Note that you have to have the HDMI-CEC functionality enabled on the receiver for chromecast to be able to turn on the receiver and switch the input. Thanks to Mr. Godwin for pointing out that you can use the HDMI-CEC functionality on the receiver to turn On the TV itself. So your chromecast can turn ON the receiver and your receiver could in turn switch ON the TV. I couldn't get my receiver to turn ON the TV. But it has nothing to do with the chromecast device itself.One another benefit of plugging chromecast into the receiver is that you don't have to turn the TV ON if you just want to listen to google music or audio from youtube videos through your receiver. Since my TV does not get turned ON when the receiver is turned on, I can chromecast a song or youtube video from a different room and it will turn ON just the receiver and play the music. The best part is that it doesn't drain my battery as the video is not playing on the phone and hence I do not need to keep the screen on.Overall I am very happy with chromecast. As others have mentioned, the setup was incredibly easy and trouble free. I was pleasantly surprised that a 1.0 device worked so well out the box.I think Google made a smart move by creating the hardware for Google cast and integrating that functionality into two of the most used video apps youtube and netflix. If they had introduced the googlecasting protocol in Android and left it up other manufacturers to implement this feature, it would have met the fate of Google TV, Miracast etc. Now that there is a reference implementation where Google has shown what a good experience looks like third party manufacturers and app makers will take this and run with it. I am excited about the future possibilities.
This is a thorough review of Chromecast paired with:- Nexus 4 running 4.2.2 Jelly Bean- Windows 7 64bit PCI will review Chromecast based on the aforementioned devices running Netflix, Youtube, Google Play (supported apps per 07/26/2013), and several webpages.1) Installation: [5/5]Nexus 4: Install Chromecast app from google play: [...]PC: Require Google Chrome Browser and Google Cast Web Extension: [...] (not needed for Netflix and Youtube).Chromecast (TV): Other than inserting your wifi password, there is no other installation.2) Netflix (the best app so far): [5/5]Both Netflix app (on Nexus 4) and Netflix website (PC) has a native "Cast" icon build in. If you are connected to the similar wireless network to your Chromecast, both Netflix app and website will recognize it. As soon as you click the icon, the TV will turn on (if the TV was off) and it takes about 3-5 seconds for the video to start. So you do not even need to pick up your TV's remote to turn on the TV.On Android: when a video is playing, there are Play/Pause, Stop, Repeat icons on your notification bar and also on your Lock screen acting like a controller to your TV. You can also control the volume from your phone. Even if you completely close the Netflix app, the video is still running, while the controller remain on the notification bar. The next time you open Netflix app, it will automatically recognize the connectivity and you can either choose another video or go to controller page.On PC: pretty much similar experience with Netflix app on Android phone. You can close your chrome browser tab, and it will not disturb the video. Next time you open Netflix tab, you can control the video.3) Youtube: [5/5]Everything is pretty much similar to Netflix. The only thing that the Android's Youtube app lacks in comparison with Netflix is that there is no Play/Pause, Stop, etc. control on the notification bar nor at the Lock Screen. However, when a video is playing, there is a still notification that will open the Youtube app.Other thought on Netflix and Youtube apps: I am very impressed with the 'switch-ability' between PC to Android and vice versa even between these two apps/website (Youtube and Netflix). No matter which app I opened first from either device (PC or Android), it is smart enough to "read" each other, in a way that there is almost no dis-connectivity at all between apps and devices.4) Google Play: [4/5]On Android: there is the native "Cast" icon on both Google Play Music and Google Play TV & Movies. It only plays online content, not the local content.On PC: Unlike Netflix and Youtube website, (as per today 07/26/2013) there is no native "Cast" icon on Google Play Music and on Google Play Video (which actually opens an embedded Youtube player but without "Cast" icon). However, the "Google Cast" chrome browser extension will be able to do the job for these two websites. See next discussion for more details about this extension.5) Mirroring from Chrome Browser "Google Cast" Extension (Beta): [4/5]First of all, the mirroring is NOT similar to "duplicate screen". You can only cast a single Google Chrome's browser tab. So technically, you cannot use your TV as your alternative monitor screen, because you can't see your mouse hovering on your TV. It will only display exactly everything inside your Chrome tab. I am casting this page as I am typing, and I notice 1-2 seconds lag between my typing and what it shows on TV. As long as the cast tab is not closed, you can continue use your PC for something else.I tested several websites that has a video feature and I have concluded that Chromecast video mirroring works on every websites that utilize Adobe Flash to run the audio/video; that includes:- Google Play Music (play.google.com/music/listen) and TV&Movies; (play.google.com/movies?hl=en)- Pandora.com- Play.Spotify.com- Vimeo.com- TheVerge.com- ESPN.go.com- etc.Unfortunately, Amazon Instant Video is the only video website that doesn't work. I assume that Silverlight is not supported at this moment.Additional note: Because there is no extension feature on Android Chrome Browser, I do not find a way to cast from Android Chrome browser.[Update 07/28/2013]:Local content that is supported by Chrome browser/OS can be played/cast to TV just by dragging the icon file into the active-cast Chrome tab (credit: CAC1031 and MaestroT - thank you). Here is the list of supported files: [...] While the music/video is cast to the TV via a Chrome tab, you still can watch another video or listening to another music on your PC.Final Thought: If there are more websites and apps that are as integrated as Netflix, this small little device can be ridiculously convenient. It works almost flawlessly between apps, across different devices. When I saw the launch demo, I found it hard to grasp how the inter-connectivity works - for they tend to use "marketing" language in this kind of demo. But lo and behold, it just works. Even though there are some imperfection on the chrome browser mirroring (beta) and inability to play local content (at least currently), I don't think it justifies a star reduction. For what it does, at this price, I would still give Chromecast 5/5.Thank you,WP
I picked up 2 Chromecasts from a local big box retailer (you know the one...I was able to still get my free 3 months of Netflix that way), and Google has a sure-fire hit on their hands. I'm going to take some time to both review the product, and to fully explain the pros and cons.Before you purchase one, please make sure you have either: an Android phone or tablet (running 2.3 Gingerbread or higher), Windows PC (running Windows 7 or higher), or a Mac (running OS X 10.7 Lion or higher), or a Chromebook Pixel (running Chrome 28 or higher). You will need this to setup the device. That device will ALSO need to have access to the same WiFi network the Chromecast will be connecting to. This means you can't do the initial setup from a PC or Mac that only has an ethernet connection. While the device can currently be operated by an iOS device, there currently isn't a setup app available for iOS devices. Expect Google to remedy this very soon.The dongle has two ports: one in the front to plug into an HDMI port on your tv, and one in the rear for microUSB power. Yes, the Chromecast needs to be powered (like any other streaming device). On newer tv's that FULLY implement the HDMI 1.4 spec, the port will power the Chromecast by itself. On tv's that don't, you will need to use the USB cable. If your tv has a USB port (the port MUST be labeled USB or have the USB logo...ones that say "service" are not powered ports) then simply connect the cord to that to power the device. If not, Google still has you covered: they include a pretty standard 850mA USB power adapter to plug into a wall socket. Also included is an HDMI extender cable. This may be useful to you if your tv is wall mounted or very close to it, and the HDMI port sticks straight out towards it.The setup program is straightforward and simple....very easy to use regardless of platform. You turn on your tv, and tune to the input source it's connected to. Your tv will display a "set me up" screen with the WiFi name of the Chromecast dongle. You go to Google's website (listed on the screen and on the packaging), download the setup app, and follow the instructions. I would hazard a VERY educated guess that the reason iOS doesn't have a setup app yet is because the process for iOS would break this very simple process, since Apple won't allow downloading apps from Chrome. The app would have to be approved by Apple, and hosted in the iOS App Store. Follow the few steps, let the program find the Chromecast (if you have more than one it will find them all at one time!), verify your codes on your tv's, and voila! You are done....well, almost. If you are using a PC or Mac, you will also be prompted to add the Google Cast extension to Chrome, which will allow you to cast any open tab to the device.It may be impossible to make a streaming device that is easier to use than this...PERIOD. There essentially IS NO UI. After initial setup, anytime you are in an app that supports casting AND on the same WiFi network, you will see a square icon (with a small WiFi icon in the corner of it) appear. That's the "Casts" icon, and all you have to do is click it to send the video or audio (or Chrome tab on a PC/Mac) to any Chromecast dongle on that same home network. A menu will appear asking you which device you want to send it to. Select which device, wait a second or two, and you are streaming. It's literally that simple. After the dongle starts streaming the device you used to start the cast can be used as a remote to control the cast. 2 great things about this compared to other alternative products: 1) no remotes to lose or learn in addition to the many remotes you already have. 2) the remote control functionality is separate from the streaming. The Chromecast streams for itself over your WiFi internet connection, NOT FROM YOUR PHONE/TABLET/PC/MAC. You can minimize the remote control window, use that device to do other things, etc. and it will have no impact on the video or music being streamed.The Chromecast will automatically stream at the native resolution of the display it's connected to, so if your tv is 1080p you had better make sure you have a fast enough internet connection. Folks with 6-10Mbps connections who think their connections are "fast" will be in for a rude awakening. My 50Mbps connection allows flawless 1080p streaming even with other devices downloading on the network at the same time, but 20Mbps should work just fine in that scenario as well. If your connection is too slow, get ready to deal with buffering and stuttering.I am currently using the device for Netflix, Google All Access Music, YouTube, and tabs in Chrome. There currently aren't many services compatible yet, but due to Google publishing all of the APIs so companies can make their apps compatible I'd expect many of them to get on the bandwagon very soon. HBOGo and Pandora should be on deck very shortly. Services that currently aren't can always be streamed from a tab (hint), but some of them still don't work well (Silverlight) since when the video is maximized it essentially is in a tab different than the one you selected to cast from.All in all, this device is a steal. There are devices that can do more, and devices that support more services (for now), but there is no device on the market as simple to use and as inexpensive as the Chromecast. The phenomenal video quality (and the free 3 months of Netflix if you bought one quickly enough) is just the icing on the cake. At $35, there literally is little reason NOT to buy one...or more!
I was lucky enough to get an order in before they sold out and I'm glad my knee jerk decision didn't turn out to be a bad one. My TV streaming tool of choice up until today has been my XBOX 360. So I'll be making my comparisons with it. I am fully aware that the 360 and Chromecast are in two vastly different price ranges, so I'm not saying you should choose one over the other, I'm merely comparing it to an experience that I imagine a lot of people have access to already.I'll quickly touch on setup. Plug it in and connect the USB cable to either the wall or a USB port. I plugged the USB into the back of my 360 and it worked perfectly. I set mine up via the Chromecast app on my Android phone. Basically just name it and put in your Wi-Fi password. Took about thirty seconds before I was able to start using it.I imagine most people are interested in sharing from your computer screen. Sharing your Chrome tab via Chromecast is great, but if the only reason you're thinking about buying Chromecast is to stream internet videos to your TV, you're probably going to be disappointed. I tested with 2 computers, an older laptop and a decent gaming desktop. From the laptop it was unwatchable, at least a 2 second video/audio lag even at the lowest resolution setting. From the desktop there was still a noticeable lag, but it was small enough that I would be able to watch the video at least. So buyer beware, it seems this functionality is pretty dependent on the specs of your source. It's also worth noting that tab sharing is listed as a BETA feature and will likely be improved in the future. Sharing your entire screen is also possible via Chrome, but it is listed as "Experimental" and not even BETA status yet, so in its current form its uses are fairly limited. I was happy to see though that it does not limit the sharing to Desktop Mode of Windows 8, it will continue sharing your screen even if you switch to a native Win 8 application. Do not purchase Chromecast if you plan to use it to play games from a PC on your TV, it's just plain never gonna happen, and there are much better options for that.YouTube is an almost identical experience with the 360. If you've shared YouTube with a device in the past you're not looking at anything new. I tested Chromecast both from my Android phone's YouTube app and my laptop via the browser and it's essentially the same. Both worked great with no buffering issues at all. The main downside is that if you close your browser/app and want to control the video, you have to relaunch it to control it (it will continue playing if you navigate away from it). As glitchy as the 360 YouTube app can be I could give this one to the Chomecast based on that alone.Google Play Music is probably the feature I like the most so far. I listen to Play Music often and am a subscriber of All Access. Streaming to the TV works flawlessly just as if you were streaming to bluetooth speakers from your phone. Once you select the cast option you just use the app to control your music normally. My only complaint is that the visualization could use some work, it simply bounces around the album art and track info. I'd like to see more on the screen, otherwise there's really no benefit of casting to your TV rather than speakers. I've yet to find a way to stream Play Music via my 360, so Chromecast wins by default.Netflix loaded up quickly and seems to work fine. To be fair, Netflix works fine on basically everything these days, so I wasn't expecting anything out of the ordinary. Since the search functionality on the 360 is pretty horrible I'd rather use Chromecast, but it's not so much better that I would feel the need to turn off my 360 and switch to the Chromecast if I already have the 360 on. One thing I do like better about the 360 app is that it will jump to the next episode for you. With Chromecast it stops after the current episode ends. Casting Netflix from my laptop browser worked exactly the same as Youtube. Note: Closed Caption settings do transfer to your TV.Overall, it's not the best possible device for all of your streaming needs, but at $35 it definitely meets the needs of an average user. If/when they improve the PC sharing capabilities this will easily be a 5 star product. I'm looking forward to more supported applications, but even if they never update it again (which is very unlikely) I still wouldn't feel like my $35 was a waste.
Before I begin - let me get this out of the way - this device cannot be powered from the HDMI port. Google clearly states this on its Support page, and in the user manual/sheet. This device is powered by its USB port. The only question is whether you need the power brick, or whether you have a powered USB port available on your TV that can be used instead. (see first comment below the review for Google's connection instructions.)Now, for the review:The key innovation with this device is not its ability to stream content - that's been done before and done well.What the Chromecast brings to the party are an amazingly compact form factor and a user friendliness that Apple's engineers should envy.Setup:######In the box, you get the Chromecast, a micro USB to USB cable, a USB charger, and an HDMI cable extender.1. Connect the Chromecast to power. You can use the supplied USB charger or simply a powered USB port from your TV or receiver.2. Connect the Chromecast to an available HDMI input port on your TV or receiver.3. The Chromecast "Set me up" display should now appear on your TV screen4. Download and install a Chromecast app to an Android device (I used my phone).5. Startup the app. It automatically searches for the Chromecast and displays a code on its screen.6. Once the app detects the Chromecast, the TV also displays that same code7. If the code matches, click Next on the app, and move on to enter a name for this device8. Next, configure the Wifi password that the Chromecast should use9. The Chromecast connects to the wifi network, and ... that's it!Open your YouTube or Netflix apps on the phone, and you'll see a screen cast icon that you can click to "cast" your screen over to the Chromecast.Your phone now acts like a remote control, allowing you to fast forward/rewind/pause etc. on the app, and watch it reflected in real time on the screen.There was absolutely no lag with either Netflix or YouTube, and I could even turn on CC for Netflix.Note that once your video begins playing:1. you can close the playing app and interact with other apps as normal2. you can even turn off your phone, and the video will continue uninterrupted.Also note:The Google Cast extension for Chrome  adds a Cast icon to the top right of the browser. This lets you mirror an entire browser tab to the Chromecast. However, when I tried to mirror video the results were choppy and unwatchable - possibly due to my network's limited bandwidth.Overall, I have been very impressed with the stability and quality of this device. It absolutely does not feel like a version 1 product.Happy Streaming!
So I bought one of these for every TV in my apartment and I have to say setup was incredibly easy and I've been loving it so far.  So right now it seems like there aren't many applications that work with it, but a) the most important apps do (Netflix, Google, Pandora and Youtube) and b) this is like the first few days it's available so I have no doubt many more apps will follow suit.For all of you out there saying your built in TV functionality can do the same thing, I disagree... well unless you have Google.  I have built in functionality and internet in all my TVs (none are Google) and I have found them slow, they crash, and the music support is terrible.  This system allows me to stream all my music I have in Google Play, which honestly might be the best feature, plus it really does give me the interface I want for using things like Netflix and Youtube.  I can be playing something while searching for other things, which is nice and not possible on any native TV applications.  I know with the PS3 version of youtube you can do this through your phone, but I've found tons of problems with that and this seems to work perfectly.Lastly, this thing is so unobtrusive.  Yes, you do have to plug it into both HDMI and USB on your TV, and I wish you didn't, but that's not really Google's fault... had TV companies had the foresight to build power into HDMI you wouldn't.  I imagine in the future some companies will if these things catch on.  It's awesome and I love it.  I'm going to buy another just to keep on me when I'm out and I want to broadcast something at a friends house who is a little behind the technological curve.
updated below>(I got a netflix promo from best buy. it gets even crazier with amazon, i cancel on the word that they won't credit me, and then i get an email saying i will get the promo when my order ships, but when i try and reinstate my order, they say no i can't. but then they gave me a $10 credit.)I ordered my product on 24 July at 11:43 PM central standard time I had to call several places like others checking on the promotion making sure it was good for Netflix for three months and that it came with the chromecast, I called Amazon they were friendly but he did not have the information on the Netflix promotion he could not confirm anything so I spoke with a supervisor and received an e-mail saying that I would get my three-month Netflix however was kind of short on details so I am leery and I will update this post later on when I receive it. it was said that I would receive it within one week of receiving the product, but they also hinted that it may be in the product packaging I have no idea which story to believe I'm starting to think that maybe I should return it which is really sad because they would be lying if they don't honor this. It is nice to be able to leave reviews but they would have the biggest social network of all if they could let Amazon customers talk to each other socially. They will probably not do this because then we would have too much leverage to influence each other and make them honor their word on promotions like this. I also think Google was very shady because they did not specify when the promotion started or ended all they said was I would get free Netflix for three months so that is shady too.updated: this is crazy but they said it's just a misunderstanding. then they did a trick so that my emails bounced back to me. hilarious really if it wasn't so sad. anyway despite a promise, they backed out. amazing what a company will do to save 20 bucks in the short term, and lose a customer. this whole thing is a debacle. anyway, i gracefully canceled my order. shame on you amazon, you lack basic skills necessary to run a mom and pop store let alone a greedy publicly traded company.
Wonderful little device simple to follow setup instructions for the most part. Small form factor means less clutter as well as being very easy to move, take with to another device. Once setup all you need do is plug it into any TV anywhere. Traveling and using your mobile hotspot just plug it into the hotel TV and you are good to go. If you go somewhere and cannot access your network and need access to a new one? Simply setup, it will find that network, you enter in the password and you are good to go.Of course for tablets you need the "chromecast" app. Download that before you do anything else. Also download the "remote cast" app as it will allow your tablet to do double duty as a remote control.Then plug the chromecast dongle into a vacant hdmi out on your hdtv. Next if you have a usb port on the TV just plug the cable that comes with in and then into the chromecast to power it. If no usb on the TV chromecast comes with a wall usb adapter so that works too. On newer sets you don't even need to worry about the usb power source as the hdmi is powered but don't count on that.Next your television has multiple hdmi outputs so you must select using your TV remote the correct one where your chromecast is plugged in, no different than selecting the one for say your Blu-ray player.You will then see the initial setup screen. Before you get started be sure you know your network name and password as you will be asked. Start the process and soon you are done. It is very simple to do.Next is to set up your devices, from where you will be streaming content, tablet, pc or mac. It is a little different for tablets as opposed to pc's and macs. If you have a tablet at this point you are basically all done just need to set options and get familiar with using it.If using a pc or mac go to the "google chromecast help" webpage. Just do a search for that term. Using google search the first item in your results is the link you want. Under the heading "learn more" click on the link "get started with chromecast" it will guide you step by step even the step where you download the chromecast software to your pc/mac. After having done that just continue through the steps to get a feel for it. (on tablets you use apps directly such as Netflix and YouTube within each upper right corner click on the chromecast icon) but using the chrome browser on your pc or mac device you can mirror anything from your laptop/desktop to your chromecast enabled flat screen.Open the chrome browser then get the "google cast" extension. Once installed Click the Cast button in Chrome. Look to the upper right on your chrome menu bar and listed with your other extensions is "chromecast." Sometimes depending on screen size you will need to left click on the >> double arrows to view all your extensions. Otherwise first time right click on google cast for a drop down menu. You will see at the top "options." Left click and then you will see your device with either the generic name it came with or one you have given it during the initial setup process. Under options check automatic resizing and full screen zoom. Then depending on the strength of your Wi-Fi network signal choose the best display quality 720p+, 720p or 480i. Then simply close that tab/window.From then on when you are using the chrome browser and you want to mirror the image to the chromecast device all you need do is go to the upper right corner of the browser, left click on google cast and then you will see your device, "cast this tab to,..."whatever you have named your chromecast and just left click on that and momentarily your entire screen is then on your hdtv. Close the tab to end the mirror stream to your television. So be it the front page of cnn, espn or hbogo if you have a pc or mac setup you can get it all via your Wi-Fi network to mirror on a large screen, so long as that television is within your Wi-Fi network range. If not or a weak signal do as I have and pick up a Wi-Fi signal extender. They range from $50 to $100 and can make a huge difference.There is much more you can do with the chromecast and more details I found the best to be at "techhive." Again just do a search and then search there for chromecast. All this may sound a little overwhelming but it really is simple once you get going. It took me about 30 minutes to complete the install on three pc's and two android tablets. After that it took me about ten minutes become familiar with how to use chromecast with either the tablets from apps or the pc using chrome browser tabs. It's the best $35 I've spent in a long time.
Picked up my unit after a long ordeal with Best Buy yesterday. Didn't have much time to play with it once I got home, but here's what I did find out:1. It works as advertised from both a laptop and my phone. Don't have a tablet to test it with but I imagine it would be the same experience as the phone. I was able to watch several youtube clips and netflix without loosing connectivity. BTW, I'm using a linsys WRT54G running DD-WRT on comcast in a 2400 sq ft 1 story house. The tv is at one end and the router at the other. I still get 4 out of 5 bars of signal on this unit, unlike my smart bluray player that gets 1-2 out of 5 bars of signal in the same room.2. I have a 2 year old Sharp LED but apparently the HDMI ports don't have power. Luckily the usb port was right there. The cord for the usb cable comes with a velcro tie wrap to take up the excess length so it remains out of sight.3. Music streaming from my phone was pretty cool. The song, cover art, artist name, etc are all displayed on the tv screen and I was able to control the volume also. Was unable to find a way to play "side-loaded" (songs on your sd card) songs though. Hopefully there will be an update to do so in the future, If not, im sure somebody will figure it out.That's all I have for now. I wish I'd bought more for my kids rooms (to control their programming remotely). Looks like i'll be waiting a while for that. Oh yeah, IF YOU'RE LOOKING FOR ONE OF THESE AT BEST BUY, BUT YOUR STORE IS SHOWING NO INVENTORY, CALL! I called mine and was told that they had 6 even though the website said "ship to store 3 - 5 days". They weren't even on the floor when I got there; just sitting on the counter in the pc department because there hadn't been a shelf made for them. I'll update more as I learn.
I got this initially because I thought with the 3 months free Netflix promotion it would cost me next to nothing.  Unfortunately they decided to rescind that promotion so I was 7 hours shy of qualifying for that.  Still it is a neat gadget I hope to have work for me in the future more than I can actually use it right now.Currently I have Blu Ray players on all my TV's which have WiFi connections with a ton of apps.  Those all work seamlessly and without any delays or buffering.  I am hoping that with the increased apps and support that the Chromecast will become more useful for me.At $35 it has a lot of future potential.It was very easy to set up my Chromecast.  It was up and running in just a few minutes and I have tried out everything from Netflix to all the content I happened to have on the various tabs of my computer.  When playing a YouTube video at 720P it did have some issues keeping up, it was not entirely smooth as if I were watching it directly on my computer or through one of my WiFi capable Panasonic Blu Ray players.I am trying to find a dvd player that will work within a browser so that I can stream a DVD or BluRay from my laptop to a TV using Chromecast.  If I am able to find a way to do this it would become immediately much more valuable to me.Since you need to power the Chomecast via a USB power source and my TV does not have a USB port I have used the A/C adapter but have also successfully used a 12,000Mah battery I bought new from Ebay for 10.33 which is designed to charge smart phones and tablets.  I am waiting to see how long the capacity is for using it with Chromecast.  I have not had the time to measure that yet but am happy that I have this alternative way to power up the device.I had been hoping to use this with TV's in hotels but apparently that does not work.  There is an article on Cnet discussion this issue.  I doubt many hotels will want to let go of their very overpriced movies they offer but right now there are issues with using a hotel's WiFi with Chromecast.  Hopefully this will be resolved in the future to make it possible for this use.So Chromecast is a good idea, a neat device and has lots of potential.  It is new and very limited in it's apps which I think is going to expand for sure.  As for some of it's other limitations it is a wait and see situation.  I use many Google features from the Chrome browser to storing my music on Google play for free to using free Google Maps as a navigator on my smart phone.  Those all work exceptionally well and have remained free for a long time which is great.  Hopefully Chromecast will become as useful to me as those applications.The best part is that I only have that $35 at risk.
just got it.  the set up from the box was easy.  but it does have a power wire that i wasn't aware off before.  not a big deal.i have 42 Vizio dumb LCD tv that we don't use since we subscribe to cable.  so it was just hanging on wall, until now.the set up via computer was kind of easy.  we have mac, ipad, windows and Ubuntu systems.  first i tried Ipad, no luck. don't currently support it.  might in future.  then i tried mac.  had a hard time getting the download file to install in application folder (i'm not mac user) then went to windows.  it took 3 min and i was up and running.  one issue was that window system was plug in to LAN and not on WiFi, so i had to unplug LAN and let it sit on wifi for few.  once it was detected the network, it worked.i just tried "casting" hd clip from Ubuntu system via chrome browser and it worked great.  same for hulu.iPad chrome still don't have support for casting.  it should be updated soon, but not sure when.for not, i have to use either mac, pc or ubuntu to "cast" movies, but that's not a big deal for me.  the fact that my stupid TV will be used again...........priceless ($35)will be waiting on other options such as pictures, movies on hard drive.  right now the chromecast cant steam that over to tv.  maybe some app developers will incorporate that feature in, but for now its mainly chrome browser.UPDATE: 7/27/13i was able to CAST movies on my HD to the dumb tv via chrome browser.  picture quality was great.  try this method:  1. open chrome.  2. open folder where you have movies stored.  3. COPY the file name (Cnt C), 4. go back to chrome and paste the file name in to the address file:  /home/files/TV Shows/?????.mp4  5. click the CAST botton and go watch you show.this worked with Ubuntu base desktop.  it should work for all others as well.STILL running in to other technical issues:  i can CAST VOD of the desktop running ubuntu, but can't CAST the same show running on Win 7 platform.  not sure whey.  CAN CAST HULU from both platforms.  the casting is still in BETA form, so i'm keeping my rating at 4 for now.
So much power in such a small package. There are hundreds of great reviews of its other features, so I will focus on just one, using the Chromecast for presentations. While you cannot currently broadcast from PowerPoint or Keynote (although these features could be developed in the future), the Chromecast can easily be used to display your Google Drive Presentation, or a Prezi, or any other web based presentation. iPad users love to hook up their AppleTV to a projector and walk around with an iPad, and this should enable Android users to do the same thing. If you use PowerPoint, simply upload your presentation to Google Drive to broadcast. You could also use SlideShare or any other web based presentation service.1) You need a wifi network connected to the Internet.The Chromecast pulls most content directly from the Internet, so you will need to be able to connect the Chromecast to the Internet. You will also need for your laptop to be on the same network as the Chromecast.2) Point your Chrome browser to your presentation.Open your Chrome browser to the presentation, and anything you can see in the browser tab will be broadcast.3) Click the Google Cast extension to broadcast that tab.You can even put your laptop in full screen mode and the display at the Chromecast still shows the full slide.Questions-----------** Can I use a presentation remote?Sure. Most presentation remotes work fine with Google Drive. I use a Logitech Professional Presenter R800 with Green Laser Pointer.** Can I view speaker notes or do other things with my laptop during the presentation without disrupting the display?Yes. Only the tab with the presentation will be broadcast, so anything else you do will not disrupt the presentation. Just don't close Chrome.** Does the presentation need to be public, or can I present a private "unpublished" presentation?I don't know the answer, but I will try it today and get back to you.** Can I drive a presentation with my tablet?I have not figured out how yet, but surely this will be a feature soon.** Can I mark up the slides, highlight or zoom in?If the web based service allows you to draw or highlight on the slides, then yes! You can zoom in using Chrome's zoom feature.
So, I was able to go to BestBuy yesterday around 6PM EST and pick up a new Chromecast. They had not even been put on the shleves yet but were still sitting on a box on the floor. I arrived home at around 630PM EST and plugged the device right into my TV. Some newer TV's will be able to power the Chromecast through HDMI but mine was unable. So I had to plug in the USB and power it off of my powerstrip.In the box it tells you to go to a website to download the chromecast app. At my house I have a Photon 4G, S2, Desktop and Nook HD. I was able to install the app on all 4 devices within a few minutes. You do have to setup the chromecast on your network with password but that took a few seconds. Once the install was complete all 4 devices updated to recognize the Chromecast. I jumped right onto Netflix and played some "Jake and the neverland pirates" for my 2 year old son. The video took around 5 seconds to load and was playing back at 1080P quality with no lag or refreshing. I then turned to my phone to see that, the show had automatically been recognized by my phone and I could control it. To test out if you needed any device on one a movie was playing I turned off all 4 devices and the video continued to play. I turned my phone back on and chromecast loaded and was able to recognize a show was still playing and let me go right back into control. We then tried Youtube and it worked perfectly as well. There was no lag at my house whatsoever.I'm working off of a 30MBs down speed from brighthouse. Now at first glance this is great for my family as we don't watch TV much and when we do its movies and or kids shows. I was able to use the chrome browser and stream that also it was maybe .5 seconds behind but was still very useful.
Please vote up this review, because I have read every single one of the 1 star reviews and NONE of them are valid reviews. Vote this to the top so it will drown out all the non-review bad bs!----I have a Chromecast installed on my TV right now. Here is my review:The day before I bought ChromeCast, *I* (a 16 yr software engineer) had spent FOUR HOURS troubleshooting our own YouTube streaming capabilities via XBox 360+PC (via Playon and TVersity) and via the Roku. I finally got it to work, but then I contrasted that to how I unpacked, plugged in and did a little welcome steps and was up and running in literally less than 5 minutes on the Chromecast, with superior quality to boot.***The best news is that my 72 yr-old mother plugged in a Chromecast herself, launched it, set it up, and was using it *WITHOUT ASSISTANCE OR TRAINING* in under 5 minutes, and the same w/ my 7 year-old.***Do you know how gratifying the experience was to both of them?! My 7 yrold couldn't stop laughing and my mom said it was the best technical experience she's ever had. She didn't even need a manual.It's simply a next-level disruptive experience. I have never been able to use iTV as it's Mac-ecosystem only (and we have no apple products in this house), but I want to now, just so I can know how the usability stacks up. ChromeCast is simply the easiest to use video streaming service I have personally used and using a tablet or laptop as the controller is *far* faster (and easier!) than navigating complex menus and touch-typing via a remote (roku) or XBox 360 controller.The kids just had an angry birds competition on the TV for the first time ever using their Galaxy tablets as the controllers. So now Chromecast is competing directly with our XBox 360, at least for web games.The Chromecast is *so* disruptive that my parents would have bought a cheap tablet if they didn't already have laptops and, well, smartphones, just to control it.They didn't want to mess with netflix since it couldnt be streamed on their TV. Now, my dad was like, "I wonder if I can cancel DirectTV now?" rut ro Bad comment for someone who's just demoing a device for the first time.
I received my Chromecast early afternoon 07/25/2013. I ordered it from Amazon on 07/24/2013 a few minutes after it became available. So far the Chromecast is working as expected and as described, I bought it aware of what it can and can't stream. I use it in the master bedroom, where I have no internet or game consoles connected to my TV. Now the wife and I do not have to resort to our phones or tablet to watch a movie together on Netflix or a video from Youtube.My TV is mounted on the wall and extends/swivels outward, so I was worried I would not be able to extend the TV away from the wall If I had to use the wall outlet to power my Chromecast. Luckily for me, the USB port on my TV, which happens to be directly below the HDMI port the Chromecast is using, was able to power the Chromecast (not sure if it will work on every TV).Setup was extremely easy and within minutes I was steaming Netflix movies and Youtube videos. The load time for Netflix movies was not any longer that it usually takes on my PS3 (living room TV), the picture was HD quality and once the movie started, there was no lag or lowering of picture quality at any time. As I continued to watch the movie, I was able to leave the Netflix or Youtube app on my phone, while the movie remained playing on the TV, and I was able to check email and text messages on my phone without causing any issues to the stream. Unfortunately, I do not have a laptop, so I cannot say how the Chromecast works on laptops that steam Chrome tabs.In conclusion, this product is well worth the $35 price tag and I would recommend it for anyone looking to stream content (although limited at the moment) to their TV.If I experience any issues or problems in the future that cause the Chromecast not to work as it was intended, I will make sure to update my review.Thanks for reading and I hope you enjoy this product if you happen to buy it.
To begin, I am a pretty big Google fan, avoiding the Apple ecosystem, but I have become pretty discouraged as of late.  And I'm wondering if this is just one more thing that they'll get people to buy...only to stop any real improvements within a few months.  I really wish they would put the investment in time and money into the GTV devices.In reality, because of the 3 months of free Netflix, which brings this price to about $12, it is worth it just for the "play-around" value or for that 4th TV you have in the guest room.  However, this is not a 5 star item.  Just because it does what it says it will, that alone does not cut it for me.  Someone could sell a pet rock on here and say, "all it does it lay there"...but is that reason enough to give it 5 stars?  This is a media streaming device and you can't ignore how it compares to other streaming devices.Many have already listed pros and cons, here are a few that I haven't read about yet.1) Only TV Speakers - This plugs into your TV, so unless you have a setup audio setup that brings the sound from your TV to your stereo, you will be watching Netflix only through your TV speakers2) No Surround Sound - In an attempt to get the audio to my speakers, I plugged the Chromecast device into the HDMI input on my Logitec Revue.  (I don't run my Dish receiver through it anyway) It actually worked.  The sound did route to my stereo system, however, it was not surround sound...only stereo.  This same movie playing on Netflix through my PS3 was surround sound.3) Poor Browser Streaming - Streaming HBO GO from my Windows 7 computer's Chrome browser was less than satisfactory.  Obviously, this can be improved if you hard wire your computer to the router, but for many, that's not convenient.4) HDMI Port - Obviously, it takes up a HDMI port, however, Google did a pass through on their Revue Google TV device, why not do it here as well.To be fare, it does what it says, but what it does do, is pretty underwhelming.
For around thirty-five dollars, you can't beat this streaming device.  The ability to kick off a YouTube video or Netflix film from your phone or tablet is convenient and fast!  Luckily, I was able to snag one of these devices early.  But there's lots of questions as to what this can and can do:(11-17-2014: Updated to remove some outdated information)What do I need to use this?You need an iOS (iPhone, iPad, iPod Touch) device with iOS 6 or late or an Android device with version 2.3 or later, and a WiFi connection in your home.  You'll probably also want a subscription to a streaming media service like Netflix or Hulu, but it's not required.Does this use my phone's data plan?No, your phone and and the Chromecast must be on the same WiFi network.  Most communication happens between the internet and the Chromecast (and not your phone).Won't this drain my phone or tablet's battery?Streaming from officially supported services (Netflix and Youtube) happens from the cloud.  Your device only serves as a remote, so it won't drain your battery like typical streaming would.  However, streaming a webpage from the Chrome browser on your PC or Mac does happen from your computer, so it would likely drain your battery faster.Does Windows XP or Linux work with Chromecast?No, not at this time.  At launch time, Chromecast tab streaming only works with Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, Mac OS X 10.6, 10.7. and 10.8, and Chrome OS on the Chomebook Pixel only (other Chromebooks MAY be supported in the future).Do I need a certain processor, amount of RAM, etc for Chrome Tab streaming?Google recommends Core i3 or newer, or a Macbook Pro 2010 or Macbook Air 2011 or later to stream standard quality video.  Please note that "officially" supported apps (Netflix and YouTube) stream from the cloud and do not require certain hardware on your computer.How do I power the device?The Chromecast comes with a power cord and a power adapter to plug it into the wall.  If your TV has a USB port, you can try plugging the Chromecast's power cord in there instead.  It may power your device without needing to use the power adapter.How do I setup the device?The setup process is easy, but you will need a computer with WiFi (like a laptop) or your phone to setup the Chromecast.  Just go to the website that the Chromecast shows on your screen when you first plug it in.What services are supported?Netflix, Hulu Plus, Crackle, YouTube, Pandora, iHeartRadio, and a lot more.  You can find an official list on Chromecast's website.  Sadly, Amazon Video is not supported at this time (and since they have their own streaming stick, it likely won't be supported on the Chromecast).
UPDATE: I wrote the review below when the Netflix promo was going on.  It seems that promo has been canceled, so just disregard mentions to it.I got the last one at my local Best Buy (sorry to everyone behind me).  If you are currently paying $8 per month for Netflix than this Chromecast will effectively cost you $11 after you apply the 3 months of free Netflix to your account.  For $11 I rate this between 4-5 stars.  I want to rate it 5 but I'm having 1 issue with it that I'll get into in a minute.Setup is easy.  Plug the unit into the HDMI outlet of your TV.  If your TV's HDMI does not supply power (mine doesn't and I just got it last month) you have to use the included USB power adapter (or you can plug it into your TV's USB port if you have one).  After switching to the appropriate HDMI input on your TV you'll see the Chromecast prompting you to visit a website on you PC.  At the website you'll download the Chromecast setup app, run it, it will detected the Chromecast(s) on your network (if it works), name them, enter your network key, and you're done.The app will automatically install a new Chrome browser extension on your PC.  A little button that you can click to mirror the webpage onto your TV.  I tried it on some simple webpages and some streaming media sites.  The simple text websites mirrored perfectly.  The streaming media mirrored but was a bit choppy (they were Flash format I think).  Using the YouTube and Netflix Apps on my Iphone to stream movies to it worked without problem.Another really cool feature is, if your TV is CEC enabled, the Chromecast can turn on your TV and/or switch to the appropriate HDMI input when you send a stream command to it.Now for my one issue; the app you need to download to your PC to activate the Chromecast on your network did not work on my desktop PC.  It's a Win7 pc connected to my router via Ethernet (router is dual-band).  So I tried the app on my Win7 laptop connected via wifi to the same network and it worked.  Once the Chromecast is activated you don't need the PC unless you want to mirror something from Chrome.  Google's help page states this issue may happen on dual-band routers and I should deactivate "AP (access point) isolation" in my routers settings.  I couldn't locate any setting similar to that so I have a help request pending with Google.All in all this is good for $35 and Epic for $11.  It won't replace my Roku, but I'm excited to see all the Chrome extensions and Apps that will be designed to work with it in the future (XBMC I'm looking at you).PS: If anyone finds a work around for that setup issue please comment.
[Update Below: They now say that I will get the promotion, and that it will physically come with the device. Expect another update when I get it tomorrow.][Update, Again: I did get the promo code emailed to me by Amazon. I'm satisfied, but spent about 3 hours of my time making sure that this would happen. Now that I got it for $11 I can say that I'm impressed by the Chromecast. But, not that impressed. It doesn't really do very much. Sharing a tab from Chrome is kind of cool, but not that useful. I'd like to share a tab from my phone, or something, but it's been over a month and nothing is materializing. And, Google has squashed one developer's homebrew app that allowed streaming content to the Chromecast. Looks like this device will be a dud because I don't give a cr@p about youtube videos on my TV and every device on the planet streams Netflix. Why would I buy this instead of a Roku?Do yourself a favor and buy a Roku instead.I purchased this at 1:30 PM pacific time from Amazon by linking from the Google product website. After hearing of some confusion over the free netflix promotion, I decided to do some digging:- I called Amazon customer service. They were unaware of the promotion at all. They suggested I call google since it was their product, and they provided me with a number.- Google told me that the promotion wasn't honored if you purchased it from Amazon. I protested since I linked to Amazon from tgoogle's own product page and this difference wasn't made clear. They said there was nothing they could do. They suggested that I call Netflix since, strangely, they claimed that this wasn't even their promotion, it was Netflix's.I'm going to call Netflix, but I suspect that they won't claim responsibility. I don't blame them, really. I blame google. I could have easily purchased it from the google store if I had known there would be a 68% price difference! Jeez! That's mostly the reason I purchased it in the first place. It's already on its way and will be here tomorrow, so it's too late to cancel. I'm really p*ssed about this.Update:- I contacted netflix. They actually seemed to be aware of what I was talking about! They told me that I should get the promotion no matter who I bought it from. However, they said that the promotion was Google's responsibility. They reiterated that they think that I should get the promotion and suggested that I contact Google again. Poop. Overall, though, they were much nicer and sounded much more informed that anyone else I talked to.- I contacted Google again. They told me AGAIN that they could do nothing for me and that I would not get the promotion because I purchased it through Netflix. I, again, asked to speak with a supervisor. After a minute the agent told me that he had new info. They now say that I WILL GET THE PROMOTION and that it will come with the device. Whew! I asked him to email that info to me for confirmation. He did. I'm satisfied for the moment. End.Story.
I don't have an Android phone or tablet. Perhaps that's the problem. But, if you read all the marketing material about Chromecast, it is promoted as a completely cross-platform device. That's part of what was so appealing. The other part, was the price, particularly with 3 free months of Netflix ($24 value).I ordered online and picked this up at BestBuy this morning because Amazon was out of stock. My receipt lists the Netflix offer, but apparently that has been retroactively pulled. Lots of news stories about that, and I have not been given any codes. So scratch that aspect of the purchase decision. My $11 device is back up to $35.So for $35, what do I get? As far as I have figured out so far, I can mirror content being displayed in my Chrome browser on my Mac. That's almost it. I don't have Netflix. If you go to YouTube and play a video, you can flip that to the Chromecast, close your browser window, and the device plays it directly.Beyond that, although this device is presented as being "controlled by your phone, tablet, PC", it is a mirror. Think AirPlay or AirParrot. Beyond YouTube, and presumably Netflix, when you close your laptop, that's that, it's over. There is nothing else "there" to control; unlike Roku or AppleTV, for example, which have UIs, the Chromecast does not. I imagined I'd be controlling apps, on the device (or, more likely, in the Cloud), but that's not the case.Want to watch a video on your HD? Play the video in Chrome and mirror it. Want to show photos on the TV? open the phones, one-by-one in Chrome. This really is the problem with no remote control! With AirPlay, I can allow remote devices to be in control, so my AVR can flip through iTunes songs.At this point, I would not recommend purchasing the device. Unless you really like YouTube cat videos, and for some reason want to watch them on your TV instead of on the device that you must use to browse the videos you want to play. The only exception would be to Netflix-enable your TV. That would be worthwhile if the Netflix offer were still there; as-is, I think this $35 is better spent on a more robust Netflix-enabling device for your TV.
The Google Chromecast at launch, even with limited applications on day one, is a fantastic streaming device for the cost of $35.Today this is not the Apple TV or Roku, but after using it for a few Netflix shows, YouTube videos, and video streaming from websites in the Chrome browser I am very impressed.There are a lot of people who are saying this device is nothing new from what is already existing, however, aside from the form factor this device isn't aiming to be something brand new. It's a low profile and with simple cable management, can be hidden completely behind the TV.If you are like me and have been considering a streaming device, but couldn't settle on what to get, do yourself a favor and consider this device.Google already has apps in their Play Store to utilize MLB.TV, HBO Go, Hulu, etc, it's just up the developers to add Chromecast support and i don't see why they won't do that.Unless you are completely biased towards Apple or Roku or paranoid about Google monitoring usage there's no reason to look down on this device.*** UPDATE 7/26/13 ***Amazon wised up and made their content unavailable for Chrome casting. I don't blame them, but hope this means they are working with Google form an app rather than shut out users.I have connected to Skydrive to view photos and documents, works really well. Not perfect, but great way to easily show off photos to a group of people.Had a few issues when the nexus 7 tablet was too close to our baby monitor so I think there was some interference, moved the nexus a few feet away from the monitor and connectivity improved.Again, I think this is a great $35 device with a lot of potential. A lot of places are still directly comparing this to AppleTV and Roku, I think they are doing all three devices a disservice in this comparison.Chromecast gets five stars from me for these reasons:1. Small and discrete. Easy to conceal behind a larger TV, 32"+. USB power from TV works.2. Works on multiple devices. I don't need a Google product to make it work.3. It is $35. Which is fantastic.4. Extremely portable, adds no weight for travel to my computer bag5. Android is the mobile OS with the most users worldwide, I'm not too worried about app adoption/integration. If there is no app adoption/integration then it is $35.Is see the negatives as:1. Limited content at launch.I don't deduct due to content for the simple reason that it has been three days since launch, the Chromecast was a surprise announcement and not the headline product. I am confident that content apps already in the play store will adopt the feature relatively quickly and easily.
Just got the unit in the mail and set it up.  Set up is a breeze: you plug it in to HDMI, plug in the USB for power (either to the TV or to the included USB power plug), connect to its ad-hoc network via the chromecast app and then it's good to go.Content is currently limited to: Google Play media, YouTube, Netflix, and tabs from Chrome browsers on Windows, Mac, and Chromebook (Pixel only at this time).  Pandora is coming but not available yet.  Content must come from the internet at current and does not support local file streaming (except in a loophole where you can load local files in to a chrome tab, those will be streamed).The streaming functions work really well, there's a small small delay since the device acts as a remote more or less.  Web browsing, which is in beta form, is noticeably laggy.  Slower than direct streaming (e.g. WiDi, AirPlay or Miracast) but that's due to again, it working more like a remote.  It all works very well and if you have any experience with AirPlay from iOS/Mac you'll be used to how it works from an end user standpoint.  Technically it works differently as again AirPlay streams from device to AppleTV or similar device, Chromecast doesn't send content from the phone to the Chromecast directly but instead allows the Chromecast device to pull the content from the internet/cloud.  The negative of this is no direct mirroring and limits functionality to application specific implementations BUT it allows the device to be turned off or removed from the network or other tasks to be done on the device.  So it's an interesting comparison.So what's not so good: It's limited to 2.4GHz wireless, which is slower and more congested than 5GHz spectrum.  It does support 802.11 N at least.  The selection of content/apps needs work, but it's brand new and will get better - hopefully.But here's the great thing.  It only costs $35.  Not only that, but if you ordered soon enough it comes with 3 months of Netflix for new OR existing customers (although limited to one code per account so if you buy multiples you'll get multiple codes but can only personally use one of them).  When you factor that in you're getting $23.97 of a service you're probably already paying for.  The puts the net cost of the device at just $11.03 plus tax.  Eleven Dollars!!  If you weren't lucky enough to order by then - it's not as good a deal but the device is still worth $35.  If you only use this thing a small handful of times, just to quickly stream a chrome tab up on your TV or to watch a youtube video it's worth it.  But with how well this has been selling I imagine we'll be seeing more apps support it soon.Pros:+++ Cost - $35 or $11 depending on when you ordered++ Cross platform (Android 2.3 or higher, iOS 6 or higher, Chrome for Windows, Mac, Chromebook)+ Easy setup+ Small/portable (just need to bring the USB power and the device)+ includes HDMI extension, usb cable, and usb power supply (amazing for the cost)Cons:- Limited content for now (no local content either)Overall, again it's not perfect.  I'd love to have seen 5GHz wireless support and I want more content/apps and I'd love to see some direct streaming or an easy way to get photos streamed (I hear you can do videos but haven't tested yet).  But for $11 I'll bet on the future of the device.-= Notes on content source =-I've seen on forums that people have questions about streaming from your device or the playback of local files.  Chromecast, in the current form, does NOT support streaming of local content.  The source for all content must be online, your phone/tablet is used for content discovery and control/credentials ONLY.  There's a loop hole to this in that local files can apparently be opened in a chrome tab and then displayed via Chromecast but this is an exception (see: [...]See the image on this post for a visual representation: [...]-= Notes on power source =-Also for clarity, the pictures that Google uses to show the device plugged in to the TV neglect to show the USB cable attached for power.  HDMI is not capable of supplying enough power and as such you need to use the included USB cable to power the device (some TVs have a USB port for debugging/update purposes that can be used).  Some reviewers are pointing out that HDMI can power it but it cannot.  HDMI only supplies 5V @ 50mA, you'd need roughly 10 times that power (5V @ 500mA) to power this.  The included charger is rated for 5V @ 800mA which goes a long way to supporting that HDMI alone cannot power the device.  As a side note: MHL ports could power the device but I can't find any confirmation that this supports MHL.To some of you this may seem trivial/obvious but I've had more than one friend ask for clarification about this so I thought it might be of important note here.  They did a good job of explaining this at the press event but apparently not as well elsewhere.-= Notes on comparison =-Roku/PS3/360/AppleTV/etc - This isn't meant to compete directly with these, yet.  Content is too limited for now.  This is changing and should get better.  A key distinction is the mechanics of it.  While it presents itself as something similar to AirPlay it functions as more of a hybrid between AirPlay and using a remote app (Roku, SmartGlass, Remote, etc) on your smart device.  Essentially the content comes from the internet/cloud - the device is used for content discovery and control of the content but the content comes from the internet.  Another key distinction is cost.  Even at Roku's cheapest this is still 80% cheaper (after netflix cost factored out).  Even if this is the full $35, it's still roughly 1/3 the cost of Apple TV.If you already have one, or more, of the devices (I do) the utility of this device is a little more limited in terms of uniqueness but there's one very very key difference, one I'm excited for, and some unique overlaps.  With Roku or PS3, your account (e.g. Netflix) has to be tied into the device.  So someone visiting has to sign in on their account or use your account.  This isn't ideal.  But with Chromecast as long as they're signed in on their device (Android/iOS) they can connect to wireless and see the Chromecast and then stream from their own account.  This makes it a perfect device for visitors and will ultimately replace my use of a Roku in my guest room for this EXACT reason.  While AppleTV with AirPlay rivals this it has two drawbacks: it's iOS only and doesn't allow the streaming device to be used for anything else or to have the screen turned off.  The cross platform nature alone is a notable distinction and again a welcome idea for guests.  The fact that with Chromcast your phone/tablet can do other things or have their screen turned off will save battery.So while the distinctions aren't as explicit - arguably on the face it functions much like a cross platform Apple TV would in certain cases - the subtle differences add to it.  Content discovery (and account info) come from the iOS/Android device but do not require that device to be on/active/present to continue streaming and can be picked up/resumed from another device.  Again, these issues don't exist with Roku/PS3 but in those cases your account has to be used on the Roku/PS3 - Chromecast allows for easy user swapping and multiuser control.  So while it's hard, on the face, to see the distinction it's there.  It's that overlap of features included in a single device that drives this as a unique thing.  While it may not be much, for the few dollars it costs it could be of use in those specific scenarios.  If you already have multiple devices (e.g. AppleTV and PS3) and don't see specific use in that distinction or cross platform nature then it's likely not for you but I'd bet for $11 you'll find some use for it.-= Questions =-If you have any questions about the device, technology, experience or anything I can try and test let me know in the comments and I'll do my best to answer as soon as possible.
Edit:  Yay!  It works now!  Bumping the review up to four stars.  After two days of troubleshooting, I reconfigured it from a Windows 7/Chrome box.  I'd been configuring it from a Mac in Chrome.Girls always tell me, "It's not you.  It's me."  Read about my issues with ChromeCast.  Maybe it's not ChromeCast.  Maybe it's me.I bought one today (7/25/13) at Best Buy.  They thought I was making it up, until I showed them a picture from another BB store. Then they went on a 20 minute treasure hunt for it, so that was fun.  We all cheered for the guy who found it and I put in a nice word with the store manager.Pros:-Small.-Looks cool.  Has an LED to let you know when it's powered up and ready to go.-Easy setup.  Make sure to install the ChromeCast extension for the Chrome browser.-Casting a Chrome browser tab works seamlessly.-Works seamlessly with YouTube, in Chrome (Win 7, Mac).-Three months free Netflix makes the price a no-brainer.  (Oops, MADE the price a no-brainer.)Cons:-I have not been able to get it to work with Netflix.  I've tried casting from iPhone, Win 7, Mac, and Kindle Fire HD.  The Netflix optimized playback in Chrome and the stand-alone apps all connect to ChromeCast, but report a generic "having trouble" error.  You can tell because ChromeCast switches to a Netflix background.  It knows you're trying to play Netflix.  I've reported the error to Google and hopefully they'll fix it.-Instructions aren't helpful.  It's two pages of setup and ten pages of legal/warranty/license stuff.-The HDMI plug bends easily.  I bent mine a bit removing it, after I wrote this review.  Don't man-handle this device.Neutral:-Requires USB power for my TV bought in Dec 2012.  Comes with a nice little USB power cord and plug, if no USB power is available on your TV.  People complaining about this are looking for an excuse to complain.-Chrome browser casting works, but loses resolution.  Other reviews have pointed out casting a browser tab is at 720p, not 1080p.  I'm casting from one identical 24" monitor to another.  The ChromeCast screen is noticeably fuzzy.-Casting a Chrome tab redirects the volume to the new tab.  For example, when I cast Pandora, the songs are no longer heard on my Win 7 box.  I'm sure this is by design.  Struck me as interesting.Overall:-I'm disappointed.  If even one of the four devices worked with Netflix, I'd give it four stars.  Don't hop on the bandwagon, just yet.  Fix the Netflix issue.  Add Amazon Instant.  I'll hold on to mine, until it works as advertised.  With the three months of Netflix, I'm out like $15.  No big deal.
I've been a Chromecast user very much since 'day one'. As a 'cable cutter' person, I rely on various streamers or devices with streaming features to bring content onto our screens.  Chromecast didn't replace or displace our Roku, PS3/PS4, or our Blu-ray players with streaming capabilities and so forth but there are times and situations when you don't have access to any of the above and then a Chromecast should come in handy and the price is low enough to get one and keep in as a backup, just in case. And there are some very interesting capabilities that, if further developed (see my experience with playing off a NAS device) could turn the Chromecast into a revolutionary solution overtime. Should also work well as a first time streamer for anyone who doesn't want to spend a lot to try streaming.Our Chromecast is currently attached to the 'main', large TV in the living room. I am using mostly to cast Youtube and Twitch streams and, occasionally for Netflix._____________________________________________________Here you have it, a quick FAQ on 'day one' or rather 'hours one and two'. I will update this as I use it more, literally 'as we go'.Q: What can I do with Chromecast?A: I was able to stream Netflix, Pandora, Google Music, Google Play movies or YouTube, stream content off my own HDD and perform some limited browsing.Q: Could a Chromecast completely replace an already installed Roku or PS3, Xbox, Blu-ray player, media hub or whatever streaming solution?A: Not at this moment. There's a lot more content available through the other 'streamers'. Roku has thousands of channels including Netflix and Youtube, the PS4 and Xbox and have both YouTube and Netflix and lots more including Amazon Prime and some basic browsers. I expect that Chromecast will quickly add many more services soon so time will tell.Q: Will a Chromecast ever fully replace a larger or more expensive streaming device?A: Probably not or rather not immediately, but it's a good, inexpensive, entry-level streaming solution and it's likely to get better.Q: Is it equally easy to use it off a Mac/iOS as it is off an Android/PC?A: I am sorry, I did not test it on a Mac/iOS device.Q: What are the best uses for Chromecast?A: Anyone who doesn't already have some streaming device attached to their TV could use the Chromecast if the TV has an HDMI port. It could also be used on 'bedroom' TVs if they don't already have access to a streamer. It could prove itself most valuable while on the road for as long as Wi-Fi is available and you can actually access the TV's features and HDMI ports (good luck with hotel Tvs).Q: Is content truly limited to the services currently supported through apps such as Netflix, Twitch or Youtube?A: Not exactly. You can also stream whatever content you have stored locally and just about anything you can get playing on your Chrome.Q: Will Chromecast suck up all the data off my phone's data plan if I use my phone to control streaming?A: Probably not. In my case, once I told my Netflix app running on my phone that I wanted to watch on the TV, it started to stream Netflix directly to the Chromecast/TV off our Wi-Fi router, treating the phone basically as a remote control.Q: How do I setup my Chromecast?A: You go to a provided URL with your browser and the Chromecast will be added to your Wi-Fi network.Q: Does the Netflix app on my phone need an update to work with Chromecast?A: The odds are it's updated already.Q: Does the Chromecast power itself off the HDMI?A: With HDMI 1.3 I need to power it off the TV's USB port. If your TV doesn't have one, it comes with a USB charger powered off an AC outlet. I wasn't able to test with HDMI 1.4 yet.Q: Are all needed wires and a power adapter included with the Chromecast?A: Yes.Q: Does my TV need to support Wi-Fi?A: No, it's the Chromecast that talks to your Wi-Fi router. The TV simply gets the stream through the HDMI port.Q: Can I use my phone to turn my TV on/off once the Chromecast is attached?A: I couldn't find that option yet.Q: Can I stream whatever is in my Chrome browser to the TV?A: I tried and it's pretty decent. Of course, it depends on how your other hardware involved performs: computer, router.Q: Can I stream from sources other than the Web, such as another computer or a NAS on my home network?A: I just made it work, from a Windows 7 PC by placing file's path into the browser's address and it worked with a video file that was on an NAS (HDD on my home network).Q: Do I absolutely need a phone or tablet to set up and run Chromecast?A: No, you can do it off your PC as well but I believe you need a Chrome browser.Q: Can I return the Chromecast if it doesn't work for me?A: Amazon will let you return anything that's defective for free but you may have to pay for shipping if you return something because you don't like it.Q: What are Chromecast's best features?A: Low price, easy installation, easy to move it from one TV to another.Q: What are Chromecast's main shortcomings?A: Not as many streaming sources as Roku or a Google-enabled TV but that there are more almost every day.Q: Can I use it if Wi-Fi is not an option?A: An Ethernet adapter is now available as a separate purchase.
Finally got my hands on one. My first impression- "This is exactly what I didn't know I had been searching for!" I have tried many other device-to-tv streaming services, but most have failed to impress. All of them seemed to be unreasonably priced for the limited amount of things they could do, and the cheap ones like the Android Smart TV Sticks just never ran as smoothly as I had hoped.The Chromecast is as easy to use as it looks. On the inside of the box, there is a 3-step process: 1) Plug it in, 2) Switch input, and 3) Set it up. Within minutes, I had fired up Arrested Development on my Galaxy S4, and was able to pause it from my iPad. Beautiful.I love how Chromecast streams from the cloud rather than the device, so it frees you up to use your device while still watching video.I tried out the Chrome Browser as well. Google is still currently working on getting this to run smoother, but as is, it's a little laggy with video a little choppy. Not quite as smooth as Netflix or Youtube, but still doable. I'd imagine the fact that it's still in beta has something to do with it...Currently we can only stream content from Youtube, Netflix, Chrome (beta), and Google Play. However, from the remarks made in the conference, I have confidence we are going to see many more amazing things that this little, affordable device will be able to offer us.Bottom line: Unbeatable Price for an Unbeatable ProductUpdate: I have now used it with my MacBook, iPad, and Galaxy S4, and it runs very smoothly with each of these devices. I was curious, so I tried it on a couple of different TV's and also with my computer monitor. I found that I only had to set it up once on my network, and after that, all I had to do was plug it in and hit play on my device! When unplugging it from the monitor, I didn't hit pause on my phone just to see how the dongle could handle it. Netflix instantly paused. When I plugged it back into the TV, all I had to do was hit play, and it resumed where I had left off. Brilliant.
Update 08/16/2013Okay - now I have this on 2 TVs and a Projector.  These are the two key points I wanted to know about when I bought the product:* Why a power cord?  With my TVs, I don't need to plug the power cord into a wall outlet... this was confusing me, why they had this.  BUT, I finally realized the "big deal" - if my TV is off, I just go to my content on my phone, tablet, or Chromebook Pixel (the computer google pays you to buy, get it, it's awesome), and then I click the button to start a "cast" on whatever app/webpage, and my TVs turn on automatically, turn to the right input, and everything is done.  It is truly amazing to me... no more remote.  I'm kicking myself that I just bought a $300 Logitech remote... which is now completely, 100% obsolete.  Replaced by a $35 thingy for my TV.* Simple, simple, simple... I was going to film it, but it goes like this: doorman gave me the package, I had the chromecast out of the box by the time I got up the elevator and walked in my front door, then I plugged it into the back of the TV, connected the power cord, turned it on, ran the chromecast app on my Nexus 7 tablet (which I love as well, and I'm a former Apple fanboy... hard-core Apple fanboy dating back to 1983, that's how hard-core, and I could care less about Apple now), and it was working.  The entire process, including the opening of the amazon box and packaging, took less than three minutes.* Bonus: content is great... LOVE how you can be using your phone/computer/tablet as a controller, and even walk away, close the app, etc and it still continues to broadcast the content for the person who's still in your house... in my case, my boyfriend, who can then continue on with his iphone (I'll get him to change... his screen is cracked and delicate-as-an-egg glass back is all shattered, whomever designed that iphone sure wasn't thinking about usability when it came to the physical design!).* I'm really hoping future TVs will just be "monitors", no built-in tuners or wi-fi or anything.  Even with the limited apps on chromecast, I'm 100% planning on getting rid of cable tv in the next few months... $158/mo for 5 TVs to have cable TV with showtime and HBO is foolish... and embarrassing.  For that price, I could take two trips to hawaii each year...Original ReviewThis is the best device I've seen yet... watch the looooong 3-part 75 minute long demo of this product, and you'll start to get it... for most stuff, it sends an instruction to get the content from the cloud, not from your phone, so it's not draining your battery as much...Google Play Music at $9.99/mo is the best thing yet too... combines your library, pandora-like radio stations based on anything you type in, and spotify-like music on demand... you'll never buy music again.... the Chromecast works for this too.Now, what I want to see is TVs that come out without any tuners, without any built-in apps or wifi, just an HDMI port with this... because I bet it'd really help drop the prices of TVs...And finally... the best thing this is for, at least to me... is PROJECTORS... I have a projector connected to a Sony 3D Blu-Ray connected to Netflix, Hulu, Vudu, etc., etc... this will allow me to get rid of that extra piece of equipment.I'm sure they'll have hulu, vudu, etc. soon... and many, many more applications...I bought three.
I just got it today, Friday.  Amazon delivery has been great!It's true, I was able to setup in less than 5 minutes from my Android Phone.Wifi proximity determines how 'choppy' your performance will be. (But mostly for the BETA Chrome tab casting).The kind of device you use affects performance and features, too.My phone has no Chrome browser casting, so it was the most limiting.My slow Apple laptop was slow at browser casting.My PC i5 laptop- everything was golden.My Ipad has no casting for it other than Youtube.The "apps" are limited to 3: Netflix, Youtube, and Google Play.Although, any Chrome laptop browser can stream almost anything through one tab.Of course the better your connection, the better the streaming.On one TV I have downstairs, the Wifi is only 30%, but fast enough to stream Youtube directly to the Chromecast, but Chrome browser tab casting was awful.On another TV upstairs that has 90% Wifi, everything was smooth.  There is slight lag when scrolling, but it's a solid streamer.Be sure to use the HDMI extension- it improves Wifi reception a hair.  And the Chromestick has a big butt which can get in the way of other cables.So, a few apps, but apparently many more to come (do Picasa, and all the video apps and everyone will be happy).You can view local files by dragging the file to the web address line.  It views most anything.It seems limited until you realize it can do almost any type of entertainment you normally do on your TV.Some thoughts: It really feels simple, almost too simple, like having an HDMI cable attached to my laptop.I really don't want to use my laptop to control it because that feels so arcane right now.If I could use my phone or Ipad to fully control it that would be nice.Also, an app to share photos and videos without using a browser would be great.====================================================================================================Older pre-review:Ok, I haven't got mine yet, but it says by Friday.I have them all: PS3, Roku, Sony Media Player, Apple TV3, Vizio Costar, Android TV Stick.If you want to web browse, then only the PS3 and Google TV (Vizio Costar) have it.  Only the Costar can play flash.If you want Amazon Instant, Apple TV doesn't have it.If you want Youtube, the Roku doesn't have it (well, no officially).If you don't want to hack, then the Android TV stick and Apple TV2 are out.If you want to stream your MKV, DIVX, whatever then only the DLNA players can stream/play it: PS3, SMP, Costar.The Sony Media Player is discontinued.So, out of that bunch, only the Vizio Costar can do everything, but it is only the best of the worst and it is infinitely more capable because of the Chrome browser.But you might not like learning a new OS.Google got it right- you can use whatever you already use to control it.  Simple.  And, the big deal, it will handle the streaming, your device only controls it, meaning little lag.  I'm guessing the chrome browser mirroring will be slower.And, heck, if you want one for work and home and the room downstairs, you can get 3 for about $100.  EVERYONE has been waiting for this simple device.You don't need a giant Apple Television to do this.  This is the next big thing that everyone wants.  Here comes a new wave of couch potatoing.
I love this simple little device. Really what I wanted was a cheap solution to stream google play music all access through my receiver and have the ability to control with my phone. ( was thinking about getting one of those Android micro computer dongles for $50- $100) I have the Chromecast hooked into the back of my Onkyo TX-NR509 receiver.The receiver is networked and has the ability to play pandora and Spotify ( and couple others services) but the Onkyo phone app works half of the time and I don't have a Spotify account. The interface was pretty crappy as well. The Chromecast fixes this and makes playing my music simple and seamless. I use my Galaxy note 2 mostly with the Chromecast although I have used my wife's iPad, her iPhone 4, and even an old iPhone 3GS has worked streaming youtube. I can also use my Macbook pro to stream from the Chrome browser. I have not had any issues using the chrome browser to stream. One thing I noticed on moonlight media is that the lip sync was not spot on but that was because of the site. When I used ABC to stream Modern Family everything was spot on with lip sync. My wife and I had fun streaming videos of our daughter from youtube onto our Plasma. It is also cool if you see something you like on youtube you can just cast straight to the TV without any effort really. The nexflix interface is pretty sweet. Better than the Roku or Xbox 360 I have.When you hook up your Chromecast to a receiver make sure that everything is turned off so you don't get any HDMI handshake issues.  One of the benefits of hooking up to your receiver is you can turn your TV off and listen to your music without having the TV on. When you are watching TV it still works to change inputs to Chromecast when casting but you can't change back to the original source without your remote ( not yet anyways, would be a cool feature but oh well).New apps I would like to see are:-Google + integration so you can sling pictures and videos to the TV ( Seems like this is a no brainer) Even if they (Google) don't want to you to be able to send local files to the TV a good compromise would be using google + to do this.- HBO GO- Facebook integration could be cool as well. One thing cool already is that if someone shares a Facebook link to a youtube video you can just sling it right to the TV to watch instead of your phone or computer.- Vine or Instagram integration would also be sweet.- maybe a game could be developed where multiple people could use their phone to play on one TV for when you have people over. (jeopardy, Catchphrase, are you smarter than a 5th grader ext....
I first posted this 18 months ago from Amazon the day it first came out.  Didn't use it much at first.  Now may use it almost daily.  I just raised my rating from 3 to 5 stars.  Actually, it is now a 5 star device - IF you have one of about 20 diff. Android phones bcause it will quickly cast ANYthing that shows on the phone screen.  IF you can get a picture or video or app to display and run on the phone screen, it will cast to the TV.  If you are stuck in the Apple herd, at least for now, no Apple devices have this great new feature.  We can now run XfinityGo, ESPN, HBO, SHO etc. apps along with the usual Neflix, youtube etc. In our 2nd home.  This means we can cut way back on our cable bill there.  Can even cast CNN and MSNBC and other news via the Xfinity app.18 month old review is below:Just got it today from Amazon.Set up on Android phone and tablet was easy.  Wouldn't go on ipad 1.  (at least for us)  Did go on Win7 laptop.  Major disappointment was Netflix.  Send instruction from phone to start playing BBC Sherlock Holmes from Netflix.  Pic quality was barely SD.  Then replayed those first five minutes and rest of program on Netflix from the built in Netflix app on our Panny plasma.  HD quality.  We also get HD like streaming from Netflix from our Sony BD player's Netflix app.  Since this is a work in progress - will just give it an "average" rating for now and come back in a month or two.  This product could be a major "life" changer.  I am surprised that there is no Amazon app since they were one of only two outlets (BBuy being the other) to carry the product.  Am glad I got it.
So I have no idea why Amazon decided to remove my 1500+ Helpful Review. I have had this product for weeks so I was able to give more than just a short term insight. In fact, I like the idea of it so much that I ordered two additional through Amazon yesterday before they sold out (Google only gave me one to test with).Anyway, I was contacted by fellow Amazon shoppers to repost it - so here it is:I want to provide an honest review with an actual understanding of what and how the product works having had it for a couple weeks, without violating my NDA.Look - you can give your "Review" once you have in your hands. Make assumptions based off an uneducated guess or incorrect information just looks stupid, I'm sorry.What it Is:It's a HDMI dongle that is powered by Chrome OS that is designed for Streaming.How it Works:You have to connect to the same Wi-Fi network for it to work. Once it's setup you'll see the Chromecast logo and a basic Home Screen with some of the first apps available for Chromecast. A lot of development is going into it, so expect to see more apps from the Google Play store work with your TV. See your phone/tablet/computer more of a remote, rather than an actual streaming device.I only tested on the iOS side (I don't have a Droid) and I can tell you that it works very well. It is NOT like Apple's AirPlay where your screen is mirrored, but rather uses "the Cloud" to access your content. It works smoother than AirPlay because it doesn't require buffering from your device, but rather directly to the TV. The only "syncing" that occurs is the Cloud communicating to the Chromecast where you're at. For example: I'm watching a Netflix movie and I'm at 1:06:17. I hit the Square button with the wi-fi looking icon called "Cast" and it syncs it to my Chromecast. This is only different for web-browsing through the currently Beta Chrome Tab Cast, where it'll show exactly what you're looking on Chrome, onto your TV. It's less functional than straight up mirroring like the Apple TV, but it works. You can't switch between apps and have that show on the screen. This is particularly useful in web-based presentations or while you check your email and your friends are watching Netflix.Battery Drain on Mobile Devices:Because of the way Chromecast works, it's streaming information from the Cloud vs. from your device. I noticed very little increase in the usage of battery on my iPhone 5 and my Macbook Air running Mountain Lion OSX.Support for Streaming Services:Right now, Streaming Service support is limited. Netflix, Google Services (Google Play, YouTube) and Web-based Streaming is allowed. I had issues trying to load Hulu the past couple days, telling me that my browser was unsupported, but I'll update once I get a chance.Power Adapter:The power adapter is an optional requirement. In fact, most modern TV's with HDMI 1.4 or higher spec are supported. The Chromecast can draw power from the HDMI port it's plugged into. If your TV doesn't support that, there's also a USB cable and power adapter included in the box. I have a 2012 LG LED and a 2013 Lenovo 27" Monitor with HDMI input and the ports power it with no cable.All in all, I feel like it's still a huge work in progress. The SDK will allow for some exciting developments, and I'm happy to say that Google has committed to support this device for quite some time. It gives me piece of mind that this won't become out of date each year.That being said, it's only $35. What a steal for a device that really brings value to any TV.
When the chromecast arrived, it was incredibly easy to set up. I was able to plug it in and immediately start the set up process. Rather than plugging it directly into a TV, mine is plugged into a receiver. When I bought the device, Netflix was still offering a three-month free trial. As a Netflix subscriber, this brought my cost down to just $11. At $11, this device is a no-brainer. At $35, it is a tougher one. I will try to compare the Apple TV and the Chromecast since those are the two I have.Set-UpThe set-up process was incredibly simple. I plugged the device in and instructions popped up on the screen directing me. I pulled up the website it told me to on my computer and I downloaded an app. The app then helped me connect the chromecast to my wifi network. After getting it connected, I then had to download an extension for my chrome browser. All in all, it took under five minutes from getting the package from the UPS man to watching videos on the device.First impressionsWith the chrome browser, you are able to place a browser tab on the screen. I personally noticed that text was not as clear on the screen as it was on my computer screen. I have a 42 inch tv, and I cannot speak to whether or not that is due to buffering issues or something simpler. I then went to YouTube. On YouTube videos there is now a button in the bottom right hand corner that allows you to play the video directly on the TV screen. My understanding is that this ends up being a more effective method than Apple's mirroring for the Apple TV. While you can only use certain Apple laptops for mirroring, the ones that can are uploading the information and the Apple TV is then downloading it which slows the process down a bit. The Chromecast does not have the ability to mirror entire parts of the screen or anything like that, but streaming videos did seem very fast on the Chromecast. I also played a YouTube video from my phone. Similarly, a new box is in the corner that allows you to send the video to the Chromecast.Other notesI have no idea what the future for the Chromecast looks like. I do believe, though, that Google typically opens their software up to more development than Apple does. Unless you have a specific laptop that can mirror to the Apple TV, the two products are very similar. On Apple TV you can watch and listen to local media which is nice. The difference between $35 (or $11 for me) and $99 is pretty drastic and I don't personally think the added functionality of the Apple TV is probably worth that.  If you already have an Apple TV, you probably don't need a Chromecast. If you don't have either, I'd snag a Chromecast.
INTRODUCTION :The Chromecast is the first device like this I had seen. Ever since I first saw this device, I now see them everywhere. The Roku, Amazon FireTV...et cetera. This is the one I purchased because it was the least expensive out of the others, with pretty much the same features. And, it's by Google. That's reason enough.Here is my honest opinion on the Google Chromecast.PHYSICAL BUILD :Originally, I thought there was a battery in this device. I thought you just charged it and plug it in and it would last a couple days. But I was wrong, and that's when I realized exactly why the MicroUSB cord is so long. The device and box is very attractive, as well as the charging bank and the cable. I really like how the wall plug-in is on the side instead of facing out, which allows for much easier placement in plugs that are not so easy to access.SOFTWARE / HARDWARE :The strangest thing that I had found, and had initially blown my mind, was the fact that this device is not Bluetooth or ... anything. It's connected via Wi-Fi...which when I bought this product, did not know how this worked. I have a basic understanding now, but nothing in terms of explaining how this process works.The software is fine. I mean it works exactly how it should work. It does have some hiccups and whatnot...which is irritating at times, but for the most part it works fine. I would have given it 3 or 4 stars because you can't display your tablet display on the Chromecast.And then I realized, oh, you can. And therefore I give this product 5 stars, because I learned how to achieve this.CONCLUSION :This device comes with the Chromecast itself, an HDMI extender cable that is about 5 inches, a MicroUSB cable, and a wall charger. This is plenty for the price, and honestly I had thought it was a steal. And I still feel this way about this product. For the great price and features, this product is worth more than what they are asking. If you watch a lot of Netflix, YouTube, Hulu, or if you listen to a lot of music, or if you just want to display your tablet onto your TV at a cheap price, then this product is definitely for you.
Getting most smart tv apps into a non-smart TV with very little effort. Google Chromecast is a simple HDMI dongle with an usb power adapter to provide all the wonderful apps you have come to love. Easily slide this into any HDMI port on your TV and enjoy hours of Netflix, Hulu, MLB or ESPN all from your smart phone. There is very little to set up. Plug it in, download the chromecast app to your smart phone, connect to your network and you are set. Only set back is no amazon streaming yet. Amazon has not really commented on support for the chromecast. Especially after releasing the Five TV stick. Which is just as good as the chromecast but with a few more features.Chromecast  VS.  Amazon Fire TV StickThere are many similarities as well as some differences between these two streaming powerhouses. Chromecast has great support and an app straight from google with apps downloaded from the google play store. Amazon Fire TV Stick runs on its own version of android with tons of apps and games as well as a remote. Fire Stick TV is fast, REALLY fast. The home screen layout is the normal filmstrip look. Chromecast has no home screen or operating system due to the fact that it needs a smart phone to run apps. As far as apps go, both sticks are pretty comparable however the Fire TV Stick has a sold separately gaming controller that comes in handy. The conclusion however for me and my family is simple. BOTH have a place on our tv sets. At 35 dollars each, it becomes a simple handy impulse buy. When we need to throw something on for our one and two year old, it is very simple to get our phone out and throw Netflix on the living room tv. When the wife and I want to sit and relax after they are in bed, we will switch over to the Amazon Fire TV Stick to search for something to watch together.
I really wanted this to work for me. Unfortunately, I needed to buy this as an application for a work project. It didn't allow for me to be able to access a secure wi-fi network that required *both* a username and password. Fortunately we have a "guest" wifi connection, but after setting that up, I found that I would need (per the FAQ pages on chromecast.com) to restart the wifi router in order to get my laptop/phone to recognize the device. I work in a big company - I'm not in a position to just get IT to do this.Ultimately, it ended up being a useless purchase for me, and left me feeling that this is why Apple wins: with their Airplay feature, they made an out of the box product with Apple TV that plugs into your HDMI port and works the first time and allows screensharing of content. Unfortunately an Apple TV is 5x bigger and costs 2.5x as much - you can't just walk around with it in your pocket like I could with this device. The Chromecast is a far superior product in terms of the design (keychain-dongle size), which is what motivated me to purchase it: what if I could just walk into an office and give a great presentation via sharing from my screen, and cast that to other offices via Google Hangout? Wow - what a great solution Google would have had on their hands! Instead, owing to the fact that I didn't buy this for home use, I'm stuck with a lemon of an HDMI dongle that should have been much easier to set up.I'm sure it's a decent device for folks that don't have internet-connected TVs and want to stream content from apps on their mobile devices, and can toy with their internet settings at home. Unfortunately, I needed it to do another function it advertised but ultimately couldn't deliver.
I'd seen the advertising, watched some of the instructional videos, and read plenty of reviews about Chromecast but I was still disappointed by this product.  It's very simple to install, though not immediately obvious how to do so, and the available functionality is minimal at best even though I have numerous tablets and phones that are all modern Android.Setup & Installation:------------------------------I was actually really surprised how bad a job Google did presenting/describing this.  I'm extremely tech savvy, being a computer programmer by trade and a tech geek in general, yet it took me a little hunting to figure out how to initially setup the device.  It's simple enough to plug into your TV and the wall, and easily identifiable when you switch your TV's video input to the device.  Once you do so however, the only instructions are to go to a specific website on your computer, tablet, or phone.  I did so on my computer and was presented with the basic info website for setting up the device.  What they don't make obvious is that at some point you're going to download and install a program on your computer, find the Chromecast dongle with it, setup the WiFi access on it through the program on your computer, and then you'll have functionality.  The website had what effectively amounted to advertisements for the browser plugin to allow you to cast your screen (I was using Chrome) but doesn't indicate that the "download the app" button isn't for an identical standalone program.  Google clearly slipped here, and "app" is something that's installed on a tablet or phone whereas an "application" or "program" is what's installed on a PC.  By calling both an "app" it seemed that the browser plugin was all I needed.  Furthermore, the language on the website even says that all I needed to do was to install the Chromecast browser plugin to "get started".  This was a blatant falsehood, a program MUST be installed on your computer to setup the Chromecast device the first time, and only then can the browser plugin or tablet/phone app be used to connect to it.  After giving installing the "app" on my computer a shot, it did become clear quite quickly that it wasn't actually an app at all and was likely what I needed.  I was using a Windows laptop to install this program on, and I was very disappointed in what has become a standard Google problem with their installation programs.  I opened the downloaded program from my Chrome browser by clicking on the completed download item in the bar at the bottom and it opened the program like I would expect.  Instead of opening an actual window though, it popped up an overlay that ran through the "downloading" and "installing" steps like some programs do.  That's perfectly fine since it goes by quickly and I didn't even notice that it wasn't an actual window at first.  The problem was that after the "installing" step it asks you to accept a standard "we can use your data for anything" agreement.  I'm fine with the agreement itself, but the non-window it was presented in pops up behind every window you've go open (like my browser).  Since there's no actual window associated with this pop up, it looked like the installation just stopped and didn't work.  I made a lucky guess, minimized all my windows, and found this underlay(?) that would allow me to continue the install.  The setup itself using the program was rather painless, with each step after the program was started being reflected by both a screen change on the TV as well as the change in the program's window (it actually has a window once it's installed and fully running).  The lag time in these changes however was oddly disconcerting.  The TV showed a new screen with information about the next step almost 3 minutes before I saw the window on my computer changing from a spinning icon "thinking" screen into the screen reflecting the next step.  This happened in 2 of the 5 steps required to setup the device.  Each step was however extremely painless, including the fact that my device had to download and install new firmware as part of the setup (less than 10 minutes start to finish, most of the time waiting for the computer program to catch up).Features:------------This is probably one of the most controversial tops about Chromecast, drawing the most arguments regarding comparison to other similar products like the Fire Stick and Roku.  To put it bluntly, Chromecast does almost nothing yet is the same price as these other products.  The Chromecast device makes no attempt to do anything at all itself, it merely serves as a way to wirelessly display the screen from your browser, phone, or tablet.  The products it's competing with however all attempt to provide a full TV content interface that can optionally support wirelessly displaying the screen from some phones, tablets, and computers.  Toward this end, there are two competing wireless display "standards", Chromecast and Miracast.  Miracast is an actual standard developed between companies that almost all Samsung and Amazon products support, with Windows support coming soon or available in limited varieties.  Chromecast however is a Google only thing that some companies have been trying to support.  Chromecast is built into Android 5 natively for most devices, and is supported through the Chromecast app on tablets and phones for a number of Android version (and apparently some iOS versions).Use:--------------Chromecast as a product is relatively simple, focusing on wirelessly displaying a screen and nothing else, but it doesn't do that in a particularly user friendly way.  Instead of forcing the screen on your device to landscape mode when start natively sharing your screen out of Android, or when sharing through the Chromecast app, it instead keeps the screen in portrait layout if that's how you started the app (like every person does on their smartphone).  On the TV you see a narrow video with large black bars on either side as it keeps the aspect ratio of the video that matches your phone.  This seems smart-ish, but most of the time you want to see full screen which is what it does when you turn the phone to landscape (assuming you're allowing the orientation to adjust and don't have that off).  Google being stupid about the looks of things, their new Material design immediately makes everything unusable when you do this since they have a gigantic bar across the top of both the phone and TV screens that covers the top 1/3 of anything you might want to be looking at.  Basically it's pointless/worthless to use the Chromecast app other than to start and stop sharing your screen if you don't have native support already.  From apps the functionality is hit or miss.  The Chromecast app lets you literally duplicate your screen onto the TV, but Chromecasting from apps that have support for it on their own causes a special video presentation format to show up on the TV that doesn't necessarily match what you're seeing on your phone/tablet. This is a much better way to do it, but requires special support be added to the apps themselves to do it.  Youtube for example gives you a set of controls for the video you're playing and the usual list of "related" videos while it plays the video full screen on your TV regardless of the phone/tablet orientation (that's actually nice that they ignore the orientation).  Coursera does the same thing, but doesn't provide the list of "related" videos.  Some other apps however don't do quite so good of a job in their presentation so the whole usage is inconsistent between apps and there aren't really any standard set of capabilities.Summary:---------------------Overall the product is only useful if you have an Android phone and some specific apps you want to watch video from on your TV, or if you have something in the Chrome browser on your computer you want to show on your TV.  It's not even slightly comparable to a Roku stick that's only slightly more expensive and has tons more useful features, and is basically useless if you're trying to use it with an Apple device or anything in Android other than the handful of apps that have their own support for it.
Why are you even reading reviews of Chromecast? If you're on this page, just scroll back up and buy it. It will be the best $35 you'll ever spend if you have an HD TV and a smartphone. You can use your phone to control Netflix and Youtube, stream Google Music, and dozens of other useful apps all on your big screen TV. Background mode lets you point it to a folder in your Google Photos and it will drift through them intermingled with other interesting photos from the web when not actively playing an app. I would recommend creating a new folder and handpicking the photos you put in it, because it can get awkward when your mother-in-law is over and a picture of your friend mooning the Vegas Strip pops up.The technology isn't 100% perfect yet - sometimes Youtube loses control over the video when it's been playing for more than a few minutes and sometimes it just can't find it. But it's nothing resetting your phone or unplugging the Chromecast for a minute can't fix.It also works great for multiple TVs - I own 3 of these, and love that I can throw a video or song to any one of them whenever I want. It was also very useful when my girlfriend was stuck in bed with a broken leg and sent me on a mission to find something in her car - I cast my phone screen to the TV in the bedroom, called her on speaker, and then turned on my phone's camera. She could then see wherever the camera was pointing to broadcast on the TV, and was able to direct me to her critically important, must-have-right-now makeup bag or whatever the hell girls call that little purse thingy.It's actually become easier to use Netflix through Chromecast than it was via my PS3 or DVD player, because instead of a second remote you just use your phone. I really can't recommend this enough for anyone looking to boost their entertainment experience.
At first installation I wanted to cry, I felt duped in a sense.  I actually made an outcry as to why not to buy this product and go for a Roku or the likes instead.  However, I didn't return it, I kept it, for reasons unknown.  But to my surprise I actually found a reason to not only like it, but adore this little guy.  Now, for $35 to have something to further 'automate' your AV experience (esp in a NYC apt) that's quite the deal (seeing as a Sunday brunch will cost you double).  Now what I failed to realize with this (and please note I have years of AV and IT experience behind me) was that the apps this product is advertised with, don't actually come ON the stick; rather you CAST them to the stick.  Doesn't make sense?  Try this; you have an iPad, you download Netflix, you want to watch Pee Wee's Playhouse on the big TV that has Chromecast, you start the program on the iPad and hit the little icon to CAST it ... now you are watching what is playing on your iPad on the TV...wirelessly!  Yay!  But, there are some shortfalls with that.  However, what I LOVE LOVE LOVE about this is one thing that I use it for 90% of the time...Pandora.  I come in, I play Pandora (my receiver automatically switches once it sees that Chromecast is doing fun things) and now I have music from my iPhone to my stereo!  But wait!  There's more!  For those of you with AirPlay know, when the phone rings, there goes the music...not anymore!  Music will still play!  Actually, if you have a BT speaker (or receiver) or AirPlay device, you can play TWO different Pandora streams, simultaneously, from the SAME DEVICE.  To me THAT is effing rad as all get out!  So for $30, you get an easy to use thinger that can play music while you take that phone call, or put that YouTube video up on the big screen all while playing with your phone.  It's worth it
I'd say I like it--I've never tried Roku, and all my phones have been Android, so there's that.It connects easily, and enabled mirroring via the Android Chrome App, so I can end my futile quest for other hardware that never worked for that with my phone (LG e970 Optimus G for AT&T;).  The app also worked great for my ASUS TF300T tablet.I had NO luck using the Chromecast with hotel WiFi recently during a few trips, but a)I was dealing with Marriot FREE WiFi (Google it), and b)I didn't want to pay the hotel chain the add'l fees they've cooked up to gouge everyone who tries to stream in their rooms.At home, however, this little gadget became my overnight favorite, making it even easier to let go of my ancient Logitech Revue setup, as well as some other PC-based Android interfaces I'd messed around with.  Also note here I am currently NEVER thinking of rooting my Chrome in any way, mostly because I learned how it actually works.Which is:It employs 3 types of interfaces for casual home consumers--for all of them you'll have to download/install/run the FREE Chromecast app for Android or iPhone. Once you've done this, you'll notice the install setup familiarizes you with the various apps currently sporting little Chromecast icons somewhere on their screens ('Chromecast-Ready' apps) which will allow you to immediately view whatever you're streaming on whatever TV you connected your Chromecast device.Among the more popular streaming apps with Chromecast functionality built-in are: Youtube and Google Play (of course--it's why Google bought them in the first place), Netflix, Hulu, many movie channels (HBO, Showtime, Encore, Epix, etc.), and tons of sports broadcasters (ESPN, etc.).One gripe I have (with Time Warner, not Google) is that Time Warner has apparently decided to continue its longstanding history of neglecting its customers, and has opted NOT to make their own TWC-TV app Chromecast-Ready, forcing users to use the Chromecast app's Cast Screen function (mirroring) to throw whatever is on my phone screen, tablet, onto the device. Again, we all know this is less Google's problem than it is just Time Warner protecting its best interests in not overdoing it as far as what they offer for basic cable service, anyway.The Chromecast's Cast Screen feature works great on my smartphone, but I've yet to get anything to come up from my tablet.  I'm sure these are device-related issues and many, maybe more, other tablets will do just fine (again, my tablet is an ASUS TF300T--it's too old to even have wireless N built-in).Overall, the Chromecast seems like a very affordable option for fun streaming options at home.
Google is a household name nowadays. Most of us browse the internet daily using their search engine and Google has a big market of mobile devices with its Android operating system platform. Now, Google has made it into your living room with Chromecast.The Chromecast is a media streaming device about the size of a USB drive. It plugs directly into an HDMI port on your TV and can be powered by either a USB port on your TV or by using the power plug packaged with the device. Google has done a really nice job of partnering with a lot of top entertainment channels. Some of the options Chromecast offers for viewing include HBO go, Netflix, Hulu Plus and Plex.When I tested out the functions of streaming media player, it seemed to work pretty well. It connected easily to my home network Because I have experience with the Apple TV as my primary media streaming device, I was expecting some of the same functionality to be available with the Chromecast. I was sorely disappointed when I discovered that the tiny device did not play nicely with my iOS devices.One of the things I value with my Apple TV is the ability to stream media directly from my iOS devices. Without the AirPlay ability available through the Chromecast, my viewing experience was greatly disheartening. Even though the regular viewing options worked alright, the advanced features were lacking on the Google Chromecast.One thing the Apple TV does not have that the Chromecast does is Plex. And, having the option to open the Plex app on my iPhone and send whatever that’s in my Plex Library to the TV was awesome.Another thing I noticed was that after about 15 minutes of watching a movie, the Chromecast was hot to the touch. This was concerning especially since I had only been using it for a very short period of time. It’s such a small device and even though I didn’t experience it, I would think that continued use with a device that is overheating would effect functionality and long-term use.Google Chromecast is a fairly standard streaming media player. It worked pretty well, but I’m not happy about the loss of functionality with my iOS devices. With so many players in the market, I’m not sure that Chromecast can compete."This product was received at a free or discounted price in exchange for my review. I am a technology journalist and pride myself on providing fair and honest reviews. Please feel free to ask any questions you might have."
I haven't determined all that I can do with this unit, but it does allow streaming data from my laptop computer to be "cast" to my TV.  You need to read the fine print about what devices it will work with.  You need an Android tablet or Apple tablet.  I have an Amazon FireHD which is an Android, but it wont work because the operating system is too slow - some HDX will work.  Also, you need to be running Google Chrome - my tablet has a different browser. They say it will work with Windows, but when I tried to install it using my computer running Vista, it responded that the operating system had to be either Windows 7 or 8.  Thus, none of my devices would work with Chromecast.  I was about to return it when I thought I'd call Google and tell them how disappointed I was, and I did.  But in doing so, I learned that I only needed the Windows 7 or 8 to INSTALL Chromecast and that once installed, it would work with Vista.  I borrowed a computer with Windows 7, installed Chromecast, and tried it with Vista, and it worked.  I havent used it much as yet, but I've had a bunch of buffering, so likely Vista is not fully adequate.  Also, I don't think the quality of the streaming is as good as Roku or the best one, Amazon FireTV.  But I still have to read about how to use Chromecast in the tutorial, so I may change this opinion later.  At the moment I probably will not be using Chromecast to cast video from my laptop running Vista; I can get the same material to my TV by connecting my tablet to that TV directly.  Slightly more trouble, but it does the job.  Part of my rating is how the device works with my setup, but part is the need to read very carefully what devices Chromecast will work with.
After decades of paying exorbitant monthly fees to my local entertainment provider (satellite or cable), I have finally "cut the cord" and miss very little as a result. My girls don't miss at all because virtually everything they desire to watch (or hear) can be accessed with a few key components for a one-time total cost equal to 1-2 months of cable service.Here's what I've done, noting there are countless ways (technologies) that can be combined to achieve the same or similar results. Final configuration will always come down to personal preference. Here is mine as it is for now, with the most important first:1) Flat Screen TV: but the best you can afford because it is the one item of them all you will be using the most. For our master bedroom set-up we have a Sony Bravia Sony KDL-40R450A ($499, but this will not be factored into the cost since it's assumed you already have a TV, if not this one represents great cost-quality value.)http://www.amazon.com/Sony-KDL-40R450A-40-Inch-1080p-Black/dp/B00AWKBZQQ/2) DVD Player w/ Internet: Sony BDP-BX110/S1100 Blu-ray Player - $77.00http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00BQ3EGPU/The extra-short response time, coupled with HD upscaling and Internet connection make this a wonderful choice for the price. The Internet connection gives you access to a large number of content providers found on Roku, Apple TV and Amazon Fire TV. Those on a shoestring budget can get away with this single item if you are not too picky about missing the benefits provided by these other options.3) Roku 3 - $95http://www.amazon.com/Roku-3-Streaming-Media-Player/dp/B00BGGDVOO/As much as I adore my Amazon Fire TV, I'd be lying if I put it before Roku. The main reason is its vast channel offering. Period. Ultimately out of the thousands of channels offered on Roku, I have settled for only about 50, but they have added immensely to the pleasure I derive from the content accessible. I love that all of my Spotify Playlists are accessible and which I love getting lost in through the excellent speakers on the Sony as well as the TDK SoundCube, which is a non-essential add on that has taken the overall audio experience to a higher level. There are movie channels (both free and pay), but since I can pay only for the exact ones I wish to see, if they're not available on Amazon Prime, Apple TV or Netflix, there's no reason to pay for a monthly service. I have taken Qello up on their free offer as I love live concert movies. If it's actually worth the $5 per month, time will tell. There is no doubt that anyone serious about Cutting the Cord, would be well served by a Roku.4) HDTV Antenna: AmazonBasics Extreme Performance Ultra Thin Amplified Indoor HDTV Antenna - $58http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00DIFIP06/This ultra-thin antenna allows you to pick all of the free HDTV over-the-air channels broadcasting in your area. We have access to scores of channels, but when I whittled them down to the ones that we would actually want to see, we ended with about 15, including, ABC, CBS, NBC, Fox, PBS and others. It really boils down to spending a few dollars to ensure HD reception of the major networks, which is a definite must-have and well worth the cost.5) Amazon Fire TV - $99http://www.amazon.com/Amazon-CL1130-Fire-TV/dp/B00CX5P8FC/A wonderful product. Amazing. However, ultimately it is a nice-to-have...a luxury. That said, I LOVE this product and am grateful that something inside me was compelled to get one. So what is it about Fire TV that moves me so much? There are only a few, but they are powerful persuaders:> Voice Search works PERFECTLY and allows you to say a word, name, genre, title, director. Anything. In return you easily find what you're looking for.> Amazon Instant Video and Netflix are delivered, accessed and resumed perfectly. The picture is immaculate. The quality, undeniable. It is just such a joy for these two reasons that unless you have used it, it's virtually impossible to convey the exquisite usability of Fire TV.The only downside at this point in time with respect to Amazon Fire TV is that it has few content providers on board as compared to Roku or even Apple TV, but this is changing as Amazon is in the process of adding content apps and seems committed to continue to do so into the future.6) Apple TV - $93http://www.amazon.com/Apple-MD199LL-A-TV/dp/B007I5JT4S/The only reason and yet the best reason we have an Apple TV is that we're an Apple family and it makes zero sense NOT to own an Apple TV. It's just the way it is if you are committed to Apple, as it also has a highly intuitive and polished user interface as well as a number of desirable content providers. Apple TV remains the easiest way to share and access your Apple content across the members of your family.7) Google Chromecast - $35http://www.amazon.com/Google-Chromecast-Streaming-Media-Player/dp/B00DR0PDNE/This HDMI stick simply and easily allows you to "cast" ANY and ALL internet content from any PC or Mac that is running the free Chrome browser onto any TV with a HDMI connection. Think about that for a moment. Anything you can access on the Web, you can view on your TV. YouTube viewing through the Chrome browser has been optimized for Chromecast and is a far, far better YouTube viewing experience than watching them any other way. All for $35. Talk about value!8) Rabbit TV - $8http://www.amazon.com/Telebrands-Rabbit-TV/dp/B00AWC51DW/One can only be disappointed by this small and powerful little USB stick if they have not properly managed their expectations. Coupled with Chromecast, Rabbit TV is in essence a meta-search filter to access thousands of Internet content providers, representing a gargantuan amount of audio and video at one's fingertips. When you put it in perspective, $10 to effectively and efficiently search for anything you can think of, is a major advantage. Despite being at the bottom of the list, Rabbit TV is a must-have by any measure!The final optional item that may be necessary in order to hook all of these HDMI cable into your TV is a Fosmon HD1831 3-Port HDMI Switch - $13http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B008GVOVK0/This allows one to expand a single HDMI port into three and it works perfectly.CONCLUSION:The bottom line is that for around $400, one can feel good about Cutting the Cord to your cable or satellite company. You get access to virtually any programming you wish to consume, albeit some you might have to pay for either through a service like Netflix, Amazon Prime or pay-per-view/rental. When one looks at the cost vs. cable fees it does not take long to realize that it makes a lot of sense to save the money and enjoy your shows and movies just as much for a tiny fraction of the cost.There are always disappointment when one finds a compromise and no doubt you will too, as I did with ESPN which one can't receive unless through cable or satellite, but in the end it is still a small price to pay as far as I'm concerned. One thing is for certain, it is possible to say goodbye to cable fees and not look back!
I love this device, though it took me a while to figure out how to use it for what we wanted.  I should specify that we use it for only two purposes: to stream YouTube videos to TV and to stream videos I have downloaded myself.  (And if you have a Wii, you should be able to stream YouTube anyway.)I think the two Chromecast devices listed here on Amazon are identical, so you should be able to buy the least expensive one.  I bought mine through Groupon.  When I first got this device, I got the impression that you could use an URL made up of the path to your video to stream the video file directly to the TV, but that didn't work for me - it only streamed an image of the browser tab.  So here is what worked for me - remember, this is just to stream videos I have downloaded.  Before I used a program to burn them to DVDs, but I wanted to watch them and delete them instead.What ended up working for me was using Google Chrome as my browser (just for this purpose - I still use Firefox for regular browsing).  And then signing up for RealPlayer Cloud to upload to and store the videos.  Then when I play the video in the browser tab, I click on the Chromecast icon and send it to my TV via my wireless network.  To keep it free, I use the free version of RealPlayer Cloud, which means I can only store 2 GB at a time.  I store a few things at a time and delete them as I watch them.  If you need to store more, you can upgrade to the paid version.  But for all you know, you may already pay for a cloud-type storage service that is compatible to Chromecast. Check the storage website and see.  (Oh, and of course you can upload videos to your own You Tube account to watch this way, but the streaming seemed slightly less reliable to me, and there can be copyright issues. I had an issue with one video even though I uploaded it as private so nobody else could access it on YouTube. (It wasn't the show that caused the problem, but rather a song on the show.)  But YouTube should work for your own personal videos.You will of course have to set up the Chromecast device on your TV to be compatible with your wireless network.  There are instructions on the Chromecast website as I recall and it walked me through it. It worked on my DLink Wireless N300 router, and when we switched to a Century Link Wireless modem, it also works on that.We love it, because we already have way too many homemade DVDs of programs to watch, and sometimes they act up when they get too old.
Best $35 Screensaver.  I use this for one thing.All this thing does is play a link to your TV.  It can't transport what you're seeing on your phone, wirelessly, to the TV.  That would be awesome but whatever.  Nothing does that except PSP and PS3/PS4 and blah blah, oh and Microsoft does it too with Glass, so if you're a console person you can have that experience, but basically all this does is: "HEY GUYS!  I WAS WATCHING SOMETHING ON MY PHONE AND I WANT TO SHARE IT WITH YOU!  LET ME JUST SHOW IT TO YOU ON MY TV!!!  THE THING I WAS STREAMING TO MY PHONE!  WE'LL WATCH IT IN 720P ON MY TV WITHOUT THE STEREO WHICH IS WORSE THAN WATCHING THE SAME VIDEO FROM MY PS3!!!!!!!Right?So I was like, screw this thing.  But something I noticed: when you plug it in to the 4th (or whatever) HDMI slot you have on your TV, if you don't do anything, it will always display these pretty pictures.  So, in other words, if you have a TV and you have open HDMI slots?  If you buy this and plug it into one of them, at the very least you will have a nice screensaver that comes on every time you turn on your TV and choose that slot.This may not sound like much.  But someone is curating those pictures that keep displaying, they're all fairly good, and I haven't once seen a repeat.So, what I do, when I wake up in the morning and have some time to myself, as I'm preparing breakfast and reading news, and listening to music, and so forth, I like to just turn this on with my tv as a screensaver on my TV.  By screensaver I just mean something that shows images.It's just a picture, which changes every 3.5 minutes or so (it's fairly long-- my estimation may be completely off).All you're doing is changing your tv into a museum display showing various artwork.  It's worth $35 to have that experience, to me-- because I bought it on a whim.  If you expect this thing to do anything other than transmit lame 720P video to your tv and not be linked into your sound, have at it-- but I have to run stereo separately for best sound and frankly if I'm showing my friends a video?  I want it to be my full system, not just 720P on a 1080P display with TV sound.So I use it as a museum display in my home, and it works well that way and for me it was totally worth $35 because it just does that, as soon as I turn on my TV and turn it to HDMI4 which is where I have it located.  Works every time.
As first I liked this device. I thought it was a fairly good product idea and execution. Since I've started using this, it's been problem after problem.1... Setup was the first problem. My network identified the Chromecast but would not let it into the network. After fine tuning my router(about 5 minutes), problem solved. Up and running.2...  When casting to it, there appears to be a loss of fidelity in the signal or something. The picture it's never as good on my tv as it is on my portable devices (1 year old HD plasma TV).3... Every couple weeks the Chromecast becomes undetectable by the app, the TV and my laptop. If I change the TV input to the Chromecast port I see the screensaver from the device but still cannot connect to it. I've tried a power off reset but those never have worked. That means you'll have to make sure it's powered up, press in the reset button for 20-30 seconds (yawn), erases all the settings you had in place. Now go through headache #1 at least 4-12 times. Each time the device becomes invisible to the network it seems to require increasing numbers of hard resets(strange. Is it mad at me?). Now you can finally re enter all your previously input settings, but why bother since it's only going to be erased at the next hard reset anyway.Why does it require being in the network anyway? Why can't I broadcast P2P and maintain the image quality? Or at the least, just maintain the image quality? Try to update the software? Not a chance. As soon as it's plugged into my PC it goes invisible and refuses to update. All in all this feels like it was rushed to market without adequate testing or support structure. This feels familiar somehow.......... kinda like it was developed and sold by that software company up in Washington. Let's just sell millions of them, expect that 30% will fail and be returned to be "refurbished" and dumped back into the market. Then when people complain we'll tell them a fix is on the way and here's a set of instructions that we didn't test or really spend time on. Good luck and by the way, the warranty is expired so you can go away now.
i'm kind of on the fence. i'm keeping it because the fire doesn't work with our 2008 rca flat screen unless i (apparently) do something to make the resolution less on the stick itself. this connects automatically, which it scores points on. where i wasn't thrilled is that unlike the fire stick, which you can load apps onto, this just seems to be an interface between the tv and whatever you are using to control it. instead of going back and forth in a paragraph, i'll just list the pros and cons. for the record, i'm a mom to a toddler who loves watching disney "tanes", "fish", "toys, "cars" etc, and accessing my disney movies was also important and the one thing i needed (other than a connection) that the fire stick didn't do.pros:-connects to the older tv without making modifications-has disney movies anywhere. the fire stick doesn't.-can be operated from the livingroom, which is really important given that i have another toddler here a few days a week and that in june i'll be strapped to a baby and breast pump around the clock.-i no longer have to have the kindle connected via hdmi connector so i don't have to worry about bad physical connections or my son unplugging things.-we can watch disney movies in the bedroom that we don't have the dvd's to. our bedroom tv has a built in dvd player. and having paid $20 for a used flat screen tv, i'm not eager to go wearing out that part!cons:-the thing is only an interface. it doesn't allow you to download apps to it like the stick does. you have to have them all on the device that you are using to control it, which means less space on the phone or whatever. i was hoping that the phone would be more of a remote control instead of the brains of the team.-sometimes it takes a few minutes for a movie to load.-sometimes the connection drops and you have to go back and restart the app connection through chromecast and then leave that to them go to another app to start the movie.all in all i'm keeping it. we don't have cable in the bedroom, nor do we have all of the dvd's to all of our movies as some of them are bluray and digital copy only. we wanted something for the bedroom because of the cost of cable on another box. all in all, if you have to use your phone and storage is an issue, just select the apps that you're most likely to use instead of every single one that you have accounts to.
This device does NOT enable you to stream Internet content from the Google Chrome browser on an iPad or iPhone.  You can only stream Internet content from Google Chrome on a PC or laptop.  Google's advertising (quoting directly from Google's Amazon site from which I made the purchase) says, "Allows to cast a Chrome browser tab" and "works with Android phones and tablets, iPhone, iPad…"  I purchased Comcast so that I could stream content such as archived PBS Masterpiece Mystery series, the PBS website has more than you can get on Netflix or cable's "on demand."  Same thing with Comedy Central, to watch full episodes of Daily Show or Colbert  Report (extra music or extended interviews, etc.).  We have a "smart TV," but it is not really so "smart."  Typing and surfing Panasonic's Internet browser feels like chiseling the first wheel.  So all I really wanted was something that could allow me to stream from an iPad  chrome browser to the TV, something like the Apple TV/air play.Chromecast does not do what the Apple TV can do.  It is regrettable that Google leads you to believe that it can, all the way through to the last step of the setup process which is to download the "extension" which would then appear as an icon in the Google browser just to the right of the address box and function just like the Apple airplay (without mirroring).  When you tap "click here" to download the extension, you get a new webpage with lots of information but no new icon in your browser.  Nor does there seem to be any way, in help, technical support, FAQ, etc., to find out why it does not work and what to do.  I called Google support, they verified that their product does not work in their browser in an iPad or iPhone.  It apparently does work with a laptop or PC (the wheel having surpassed the Stone Age).  So, the product goes back, Google wasted a lot of my time, it wasted some of its own time, I will spend more and get the Apple TV.  If you are using an iPad or iPhone, chromecast would be okay for Netflix or YouTube.
Great! Does everything I need it to do aaaaand it's portable! I can take it to my friends house and use it there or wherever I want! I use the hotspot on my phone as the wifi router, then I can cast from my phone to any TV without having to run the setup wizard again every time I want to connect to a new (preferred network). I guess that's one of the only downsides for me. The Chromecast only saves one wireless network at a time. If you want to connect to a different wifi network, you'll have to run the setup either from the app on your phone, app on a Chrome browser, or using the installed app on PC -- every time.Here's another big downside to using a Chromecast. It HAS to be connected to the internet to do anything. It works by being connected to a wireless network using your gmail sign-in. When you're connected to the same wifi network as a Chromecast device, cast-enable apps will show their "cast" icon and when pressed, launches the app *on* the Chromecast, signing in with your credentials for that app. The stick itself pulls no data from your casting device (phone, tablet, browser). It's all done over the network through a relay service and pulled from whatever ISP your wifi is connected to -- while updating the casting device with what's going on like current place in a song or Netflix video.  You don't have to worry about it running up your mobile data allotment unless your phone is the actual hotspot your Chromecast is connected to (or unless you have root and...you know ^_-  ).If you have offline media you want to cast to Chromecast, it STILL has to be connected to the internet. You can't do any frikkin thing offline. If you have permanent ISP service at home, this is the device for you. It's great, really. Just very dependent on connectivity for entertainment.However, I do like that developers are making apps for it every day. The market for casting apps is getting much bigger and it excites me. Can't wait til Spotify releases an official app (Spoticast is aight but missing features crucial to my music experience). The workaround in the meantime is to just cast your entire Android screen (but it slightly reduces audio quality).You can turn the screen off on the casting device to save its power and it will still keep streaming (be sure your wifi options allow this sleep-functionality).I also love the offers that came with it. Between this and my Chromebook, Google has given me quite a lot these past couple months.Fellas, if you're really wondering whether you should get one or not... just think about this: Porn on the big screen without any traces :)
This is a small, inexpensive device for streaming internet video to an HDTV when the TV does not have built-in streaming apps.  The device does an excellent job of streaming in HD, but you should know that it requires a controller to select the content you want to view and Amazon's Kindle Fire will no longer work as the controller.  You can use a computer as the controller, but I got sick and tired of having to run upstairs to my desktop computer every time I wanted to start a Netflix movie or watch a youtube video on the Chromecast.  I purchased a Kindle Fire after I read reviews that said the Kindle Fire could be used as a controller for the Chromecast device in place of a computer.  It was a perfect solution, because I could hold the Kindle in my hand like a TV remote control  The Kindle worked fine with Chromecast for a few months and then that ended abruptly without any explanation from Google or Amazon.  I've tried for months to find some way to get Chromecast to work on my Kindle Fire again with no success. The Kindle works perfectly for everything else, such as surfing the web.  Amazon customer support has always been excellent, but they were not able to help me solve this problem or give me any explanation about what happened to make it stop working. The Internet is full of people complaining about this same problem and yet nothing has been done about it.  I've bought third party apps that would seem to solve this problem (some sold by Amazon) but none of them work, so don't waste your money. People have written detailed explanations of ways to get Chromecast back on the Kindle, but you need a computer science degree to understand the complicated process and who knows if it works.  I'm ready to throw my Kindle Fire into the trash, because without Chromecast it's useless to me.  My only reason for buying a Kindle Fire was to function as a remote control for my Chromecast device and save all that running up and down the stairs.  I'm not making any accusations, but around the time my Kindle stopped working with Chromecast, Amazon came out with a competing product.  It could be a coincidence, but it makes me suspicious.  I'm very disgusted with Amazon and with Google.  If Amazon did not provide outstanding customer support on everything else I've purchased from them, then I'd never do business with Amazon again.
This is a super-duper amazing device, but if something goes wrong with it, don't expect Google to replace it.  From switching ports, something went wrong with with the copper connector and it would no longer communicate with the phones/computers. I had received it as a gift,  so I logged into my wife's Amazon account, but they wouldn't accept it because it was over a month from purchase. No problem, my wife had amazingly purchased a coverage plan.  So I logged into Square Trade, and they said they wouldn't accept it because it was still covered under the manufacturers warranty (Google).  Ok, so I look at the warranty, and it says to contact HERE, and it brings you to a trouble shooting page with no contact info.  Eventually it tells you that you have to return it to the Googleplay store, but when you go there it wants your order number, so if you bought it anywhere but their store they can't help you online. No phone # anywhere; dead end. That's bad customer service. Finally I found googleplay's number through a web forum and called them. I was at work, so they couldn't help me because I couldn't troubleshoot it on my TV.  Called from home, we tried resetting it and it didn't work.  They said I needed to powercycle the TV, internet, phone, and chromecast and took my email address to keep track of what we had done so far. Called them back (nice part is that they have a very short wait time) and they had no record of our conversation on my account. So we started over and spent 45 minutes trying different ports, channels, connections, etc., until they had me get the unused HDMI extender from the box and try that, and the copper connector pulled off the unit and stuck in the extender. So now it was officially "broken", actually in two. So the representative, who's English was not primary and had a hard time repeating my email address as I slowly spelled it out, says that I will receive two emails shortly that explain how to return my item.  They never arrived.So today I called again AND THEY HAD NO RECORD OF ME EVERY CALLING!!!  But the guy was nice and understood that it was officially broken and after only 5 minutes of more questions sent me the first email which requires a response and said after they receive that response email they would immediately send me the second email which would tell me how I would receive a replacement.  I had to take an actual phone picture of the broken unit with the tiny serial number visible and ask my wife for the receipt of sale.  For a christmas present.  These I attached in reply to the email and sent it off....and I never received the second email!  In the first email, they referred that somehow my "google wallet" would have a hold on it as part of the replacement process, but never clarified how that would work.So as of now, three days and a couple hours of waiting, troubleshooting, typing, taking pictures, searching forums and files, I still have no idea when or even if it will be replaced.You'll have better luck renting from carrental9.com, getting a refund from a pawnshop, or convincing the IRS you don't owe them money than trying to get a REPLACEMENT FOR A $35 DEVICE!  From many great experiences with Google, this is a glaring black eye.
I "cut the cord" with cable subscription years ago, and since then I watch everything at my PC.  I have Hulu Plus, Amazon Instant Video, Youtube subscriptions, and a collection of old movies and archived shows on my PC.So, when I decided to move things back into the living room and buy a new HDTV, I didn't have to think twice about buying a Chromecast -- it's cheap, small, and I can stream anything on my Chrome browser right to it.  But after a long struggle with extreme video choppiness, and after trying solutions one after another, I'm giving up.The Hulu app isn't supported on my (admittedly very old) smartphone, so my only option to get Hulu Plus to the Chromecast was with the "cast this tab" feature.  Google is very upfront about the Chrome browser tab feature being "BETA" so I expected some hiccups.  But setup was a breeze, Chrome extensions were easy to install, and the very first stream of a Hulu video through the "cast this tab" feature worked great.My next cast, a couple hours later, wasn't so great.  After enduring a minute of poor video quality, the cast stopped entirely for a few seconds, caught up, then did it again, never to recover.  I lowered the casting quality, rebooted my PC, and no change.  I rebooted the TV and the Chromecast device.  I tried watching different videos on other sites and encountered the same problem.  I fiddled with more settings, ran my trusty task killer program (an old version of GameBooster) to optimize streaming, but there was still no vast improvement in quality.Be aware, a VERY small number of video apps are supported to cast through the device at 1080p (YouTube, Netflix, Google Play).  The Chromecast handles these streams itself, taking the load off your CPU.  The YouTube app worked fine for me here, though the quality wasn't great, but in comparison to the un-watchable Chrome browser casting it was much better.  So, the Chromecast is getting good WiFi signal and the router is doing its job.  I'm left to assume that my PC just isn't capable of streaming video to the Chromecast, even at low quality.  Casting a tab requires a massive amount of processing power, and while my computer is quite old, its specs can still beat some newer mid-tier laptops.So, I don't really know about this Chromecast hype.  It didn't really work for me.  I wanted it for YouTube, Hulu Plus, and Amazon Instant video -- pretty basic stuff, right?  But it has poor app support, and Chrome browser casting hasn't come out of BETA since launch last year.  If you have all the latest tech and like to fiddle around for hours, connecting devices and trying out new apps, it might be worth the price.  To those with older PCs and devices, go for an all-in-one streaming box with a dedicated remote, like the Roku 3.  Just to avoid the hassle with this device, the Roku will be worth the higher price tag.
For screencasting, Google supports a limited number of Android devices. Make sure your smartphone/tablet device is Android 4.4.2+ compatible and is on this list (click on the Supported Android Devices button):https://support.google.com/chromecast/answer/6059461?hl=enWhen it comes to iPad support, forget it. Its a waste of money. Google support for iPad versus Android devices is not the same. You cannot screencast from your iPad to your LCD TV. You cannot tab stream either. You can only stream from Google Chromecast apps available in iTunes.I bought this to use my iPad as a remote control and screencast device for websites. It fails in this regard.I have a 2nd Gen Moto X smartphone that works flawlessly with screen casting. But its not very useful to me as the user agent rendering is mobile specific defeating the purpose of displaying a desktop web page view onto a large screen. You can download the Opera browser onto your Android smartphone and then set the user agent from mobile to desktop. That will get you a desktop web page instead of a limited mobile looking web page on your LCD. Also a disadvantage of using a smart phone is that typing in a tiny virtual keyboard is error prone. This is why I preferred to use an iPad with a larger screen surface and bigger virtual keyboard because its easier to input and click on page links in tightly designed navigation menus.Attempting to get another Android tablet to work was sproradic. Screen casting was unreliable even with the Display | Casting | Enable wireless device set. When it did work when launching Chromecast apps, there is quite a bit of fuzzy rendering and laggy performance. This, with my wireless router being just 10 feet away. Based on this, I would not recommend using Chromecast outside those screencast supported Android devices listed above.Chrome tabbing works well from a Windows PC. I am able to screen cast to it without a problem.Outside of screen casting, regardless of actual h/w device, there is heavy reliance on the existence of Google Chromecast apps. There's a good selection here - https://www.google.com/chrome/devices/chromecast/apps.htmlFor $35, its a good deal but only if you have the right supported Android device.
I bought this hoping it would let me use Chromecast on my OLD non-flatscreen TVs--with an HDMI to RCA converter (I bought/use the Etekcity white converter, about $30 on Amazon)--it works like a charm-- I now watch anything I normally watch on my laptops-- on my old dinosaur televisions. I use an RCA cable (red, white, yellow--purchased separately Amazon, $9). In the living room, I plug the red and white (audio) into my surround sound system and the yellow (video) into the TV. VOILA!!! Internet on the tv in full sound (not HD and probably not true surround sound, but all 5 speakers are putting out what is on YouTube or whatever I've got streaming.) the bedroom is just r,w,y plugged into r,w,y. I've two RCA cables I leave hooked up to each TV so when I go form room to room, I just take this converter with my Chromecast connected to it at hook it up to the cables I leave right in place. Too cool!!NOTE: it took some fiddling with "input" and channel changing. Also it worked best when I plugged the converter's power source cord in (included with the converter, but I had to borrow the usb-to-ac square from one of my iPhone chargers to actually be able to plug it in.) but once I "got it" I can't tell us how crazy it is to see Internet stuff on these ol' TVs.With Chromecast ($35), the converter (about $30) and the two RCA cables (one for each tv) (about $10 per) for a grand total of less than $85 I now watch the Internet tv I've come to prefer on my televisions rather than my laptops. Crazy. Far better than dropping $200--$???? For two new tvs. I love it.I use my iPhone, iPad, and MacBooks to "cast" from. There's no delay, no skipping, no sticking...it's all good.
Actually it does "easily"  cast Amazon prime to your TV.  The newest update of chromecast from 2 months ago "cast to screen option" in Chromecast now works on a lot more 4.0+ and 5.0 android phones.  I have the Samsung Galaxy s3 and the Nexus 7 2013.  All you have to do is go into the chromecast app and turn on the option to cast your whole phone screen to your tv.  Now that everything on your phone screen is on your TV just got to your Amazon shopping app and in the top left pull down tab select Amazon video.  You are now watching Amazon prime on chromecast.  NOTE: you need the newest Amazon Shopping app to access the movies from your Amazon shopping app.  The newest Amazon Shopping app is not available in the play store, but only directly from Amazon's website for free.  I have two chromecast and was here to buy a third when I saw all of these silly negative reviews from those who don't take the time to learn how to use chromecast.  Just another note: If you're having a lot of buffering issues with YouTube, Netflix and other video apps and you're using Comcast's or TWC's all in one combo modem? These combo modems can show a high speed test up and down and still drag opening pages and streaming video. Often rebooting corrects it only for a few hours.  Get a separate Modern and separate Wifi Router.  When I finally did this my speeds got night and day faster; 3 times faster as in really fast. No more constant rebooting  and buffering and picture quality went to highest video streaming quality.  Netflix streams picture quality setting to you based on your network quality.  From Amazon I got the Arris/Motorola Surfboard 6121 modem and Netgear AC1450-100NAR wifi router.  The Netgear TL-WR1043ND is also a good choice. The AC1450-100NAR is a little faster and easier to change firmware to DD-WRT. The stock firmware is also very good.  All are at very good price on Amazon.  Remember, when you look at these reviews to first hit the sort order to Newest Review first.  Looking at out of date reviews can be misleading when firmware, updates in the apps have fixed old issues or just recognizing that some poor reviews are simply a lack of knowledge in how to use the product.  I love the Chromecast product.  I have one on every TV. have fun.
I wish I'd bought this a year ago when I first heard of it. Used it twice so far and it works GREAT! I don't expect that to change either.I never wanted to give up my laptop to watch a movie on it as I like to mess around and work on the computer while I watch movies on TV. With this, I've been able to "Cast" the movie to the TV and yet not tie my laptop up doing that.I have Amazon Prime, which includes their Prime Movies. If you want to watch those with this set up you need to install the Google Chrome Browser. I'm working on a MacBook Pro with this. The Chrome Browser works great for sending the movies to the TV.If I want to pause or back up a little in the movie to see it again, I just "Command-Tab" over to that app on the computer & make it happen.For me, this has been terrific! In all honesty, I would pay double or triple what it cost me if I had to now that I know that it works and works so well.I haven't tried any other movie venues yet. Just Amazon Prime, so I can't say if it is just as good with say, Hulu, or another.On another note, and this has turned out to not be a big deal because I'm happy with what I have . . . . Originally, I thought I'd use my iPhone 5 to cast the movies to the TV so it didn't have any effect on my laptop at all. Well, I was able to download all of the apps to the iPhone fine. I used my iPhone to actually Set-Up the Chromecast unit. Real user friendly. Probably could have done it fine from my laptop to but I was using the iPhone.I discovered that for some software reason, I can't cast Amazon Prime movies from Google Chrome on my iPhone. This has turned out to be no big deal for me. Doing it from my laptop has not had any performance effects while I do other things. I do know that this is because of software availability and not anything I'm doing.I haven't written many reviews. The "Just" of this one is to say that "I'm VERY HAPPY" with this product. Less than $30. Hooked up and set-up easy and works great. For what it's giving me, I'd be willing to pay a lot more if needed.There are, of course, so many reasons why you might have problems. Not necessarily your fault. Perhaps your TV is not new enough to have an USB port in the back. I only have one in the house that does. You might struggle with downloading software and installing it. In my opinion, the set-up and use is quite intuitive, but, I use computers all the time so it's no big deal. If you don't speak "Computer," you might need a relative or friend that does. You should consider this before you buy.If Amazon notifies me of any questions from anyone, I will respond. I usually only check my mail in the evening of the Easter Time Zone so that could be your delay factor before you hear back with an answer if I can give it. I'm not an expert yet. LOLBest Regards,Russ
I've never felt compelled to write a review for anything, but here we are. After my PS3 crashed and burned on me, I was in desperate need for an affordable device to do all of my streamings. After asking around and doing minor research, I figured this was the best bet. I now have a $39 paperweight. Except I don't think it will weigh down any paper. To be fair, I primarily only use 3 apps and here's what I encountered with them:Hulu Plus: Video Playback freezes up every few minutes, but the audio keeps playing. Thinking it was my internet connection, I tried various methods of stick/router positioning and even went far enough to upgrade my internet speed and it made no difference at all. Of course, I've never had problems streaming anything on other devices before, so that probably wasn't the problem. It's the stick.MLB TV: Literally unwatchable. Framerate drops every 10 seconds. You can't even follow anything. I've gotten better streams out of an original Roku. I'm actually better off patching my laptop through the TV, which is something I didn't think I would EVER have to resort to.HBO GO: For some reason, my cable company is one of the few that doesn't support this on the Fire Stick, which makes no sense. Oh wait, they must really hate the Fire Stick, too! Okay, that does make sense. Never mind. No it doesn't.So I have absolutely no use for this stupid thing. If only I could return this back to Amazon under the clause of it having no worth. Congratulations. You took more of my money. I didn't think that a company that I've respected after all these years would endorse something so terrible, but hell, maybe I should re-think my life choices.
I love streaming devices and having things at my fingertips, and this stick does as good a job as any in my opinion.  I own the original Roku, the AppleTV, a Magnavox streaming box, a Vudu Spark and now this.  I picked it up for $24 on Prime Day.  I found it to be easy to set-up.  I'm a big Amazon Prime fan, so I bought it primarily for streaming their content.  I was pleased to see that the Flixster app on the stick allowed me to stream my Vudu/UV collection.  I have about 100 of those movies so that is cool for me.  The other pleasant surprise was the included free games that can be played on the device.  I installed Flappy Bird and Crossy Road and played it with the kids passing the remote around the room.  I know they are mindless games, but sometimes just having everyone in the room together to do the same thing around the TV and enjoy it is worth it because they would so often rather just be hiding out in their rooms or with their faces in some personal electronic device ignoring everyone else.  We also installed the Game of Life for free on the device and played it.  It was nice to play on the big screen, and not have to do the banking, spinning, piece moving, setup, etc.  My only concerns for the device are... it seems to get hot after using for hours, but I don't know if that would ever be an unsafe thing or affect its longterm performance, and I don't like that it requires external power beyond what a TV USB port can provide.  My Vudu Spark works solely by plugging into the HDMI port, then into the USB port on the TV.  As I understand it, this pretty much needs or works best by actually using the wall plug.  It was included though so that is good.  I give it 4 stars instead of 5 due to those last couple points, but for the price I got it for it was a great deal.
I really give it two and half maybe 3 stars since i bought two but so frustrating and disappointing just couldn't bring myself to do that.The fire stick needs a lot more work.  Avoid using extender It won't work it should come with connectors not extenders. ...won't work on some tvs unless device plugs straight into tvS HDMI PORT which may be difficult on some tvs where the port is IF ITS cramped you need the extender if you use it MORE THAN LIKELY IT probably won't work if it does you'll get a blue screen when you go to play a video giving you an error message. If you order connectors watch out for the inputs you may buy an angle that faces in the wrong direction depending on your TV the connector port may be with rounded portion up or down or on the side lol my husband and I almost died laughing getting this hooked up when we weren't all pissed off. My brother  broke a coffee table don't ask lolIn the end we just jammed the stick in back of the TV to never remove again or ports will fall out. Now a permanent fixture on my parents tv. Works great now unfortunately the software side or actual interface is not user friendly like Amazon has always been bad when it comes to organization on their devices.  Everything  looks cluttered on the display. If your parents aren't tech savvy they'll have a difficult time finding their favorite apps like Netflix and Hulu. They prefer their Roku 3 for streaming It's so easy to use;  my dad is 70 grew up in a time and place where he only heard of tvs and saw his first tv when he was twenty But he is able to use that roku like crazy he goes on you tube, Netflix,  Hulu, and on other apps with ease. It's really unfortunate the Fire TV Stick is a bit more complicated. They hardly use it.  :(In the process of getting this installed there was a time when we were going to return the thing so my husband and  I took it and tried it on our tv which is newer but still not that new and ran into the same problem with the extender. I got frustrated and said what the hell maybe it'll fit just got to get past the curve here and angle it into the hdmi port crossed my fingers and it plugged in with a little  pressure to get it past the tvs casing and into the hdmi port Do Not Do This  I need to buy a newer tv anyway so no biggie And it worked my husband and I used it we loved it we could mirror from our kindle 7 hdx without wifi or Internet and watch previously downloaded movies from amazon prime off our device on the bigger screen yay! We decided then to order one for us only for that reason since we decided to save $50 bucks a month and cancel our Internet. You just have to make sure your mirroring devices aren't picking up any other WiFi signals and you may need to POWER Off and on your tablet. Super delicate but being cheap is hard work.Mom's works, ours Works If you have older tvs where the ports are a little bit tight you are in for a headache...The extender is not an option it will not work well at least not on older cheaper flat-screen tvs. I have a Vizio I bought in 2011. Let me know if the extender works on newer tvs that's if you even need them but I'm curious if that extender will work with anything.Good luck!
I'm pleased with my Fire TV Stick overall.  It streams content nicely even though my internet connection speed is less than 6 mbps.  Resolution and performance are good.  I'm not experiencing any buffering issues, nor have I experienced any problems with my Fire TV Stick losing its connection to my network.I'm an avid Netflix and Chromecast user.  But Amazon Prime has some quality programming that isn't available on Netflix, and I wanted to access that more easily.  My Blu-ray player has an Amazon Instant Video app, but I'm not pleased with the app's interface or performance on that device and rarely use it.After months and months and months of asking Amazon to make their Android Instant Video app Chromecast enabled, I finally broke down and purchased a Fire TV Stick on sale.  I'm glad I bought it.  I find that I do watch more of Amazon's programming now.  But I still wish they would make their Android Instant Video app Chromecast enabled.Personally, I much prefer using my phone to view my choices, make my selections, and operate my streaming device.  Even though Amazon's TV-displayed interface is much improved, I still prefer using my phone and my Chromecast to watch Netflix or YouTube or most other apps that have good Chromecast apps.  Chromecast doesn't out-perform Fire TV Stick, but the interface is superior -- easier to see, easier to navigate, much faster to use.  Further, I don't like being forced to have multiple remotes.  It's much easier to turn on my TV and then do everything else with my phone.That said, the little remote that comes with the Fire TV Stick is pretty slick.  It's simple, it works well, and you will be able to easily use it in the dark in a very short time after taking it out of its packaging.  You have one large button up top for selecting, and a ring around that large button for directional navigation.  Then there are only 6 other buttons to learn...And you don't have to point the remote at anything to use it either.  As far as remotes go, it's an excellent design, in my opinion.  But due to no fault of the remote, navigating the Amazon Instant Video app can still be a little clunky at times.The Fire TV Stick and Chromecast have some of the same apps, and each has some good apps I like that the other doesn't offer at this time.  I don't game much, so the availability of all the games on Fire TV wasn't a selling point for me.  But some of the apps that I get on Fire TV and  not with Chromecast were a pleasant surprise.I suppose this was ignorant on my part, but when I read that I could operate the Fire TV Stick with the Fire TV phone app, I was expecting an interface akin to what I experience with my Chromecast.  I had envisioned opening something similar to the Amazon Instant Video Android app and being able to play programming from there to my Fire TV Stick.  But that Fire TV phone app is only a digital remote that operates the Fire TV stick in place of the physical remote -- only not as easily.  That was disappointing.  Having that Fire TV app on my phone hypothetically allows me to put the physical remote away in a drawer and forget it.  But so far, my experience with the physical remote far exceeds my experience with the app.  I'll keep working with the app to see if that opinion changes.7/29/2015 Update:I was pleasantly surprised that the Netflix Android app allows me to cast to Fire TV Stick exactly the same way that I cast to my Chromecast.  That means I can use my phone to quickly look through, read about, and select my entertainment from Netflix. Once the program begins playing, I'm free to use my phone in any way I wish.
Where to begin?  I was using a chromecast in my bedroom to watch TV before bed.  It was clunky, didn't always stay connected or fully load sometimes/lock-up 50% on Netflix requiring a hard reset.  I only liked the chromecast for the convenience as well as ease of use.  I was lucky to get the Fire Stick on Prime Day, figuring if I didn't like it my parents could have it for their cable-less life.  Too bad for them I couldn't get two.  So what's so awesome about the Prime Stick?  It is loaded with your Prime info before you boot it up which I think is a nice personal touch.  Although I only use it for streaming, there's so much more you can do with it, such as play games that you buy with Amazon coins, which isn't bad for little kids or even a spare room without a console or PC.  Although there's no mirroring like the chromecast (which didn't like prime video anyways) for a little more than the price of the Chromecast, the Fire Stick is much more versatile, let's you play games, stream Prime Video, and has more options to stream shows than its initial offering.  I'd recommend the Fire Stick as improvements are continuing and it's much more than just a streaming stick, it's a multimedia streaming stick that is highly portable, to take to your hotel with you if you're out of town and don't want to deal with the local TV options.  Of course it is not perfect.  Some cons are that it is fully integrated with Amazon (DUH), which may not be kosher to an Apple or Android person.  Also it can be finicky with its connection, although it is stronger than a Chromecast that uses a middle man, a strong connection is desired.  The remote is basic, I like it but others may not.  A remote play like Apple TV would be cool, it may have this but I haven't found it.  It's well worth the price of Prime Day and still worth it at full price just in stiffer competition with Roku, Google, and Apple (kind-of).  If you're on the fence, go for it especially if you have prime, it's totally worth it, and if you travel a lot or have cut the cord.  I don't regret my purchase at all and will be placing the Chromecast somewhere else.
A great idea but poor implementation of the streaming video on a stick concept.For a baseline with wifi signal, I have around 45Mbps actual transfer rate in the receiving room on a tablet pc on wifi. My wired Ethernet is much faster.Here are the observations I have about this product.1. It's cheap, so cheap I can justify purchasing this to experiment with if it doesn't work.2. The antenna for wifi can't pick up much of any signal from router 20 feet away until I purchased a new Asus N66U router, and even then I still had sporadic SD streaming instead of 1080p HD. I eventually ended up upgrading to bigger antennas and spent hours tweaking the wireless channels to remove interference and router placement and antenna degree angles. This was way too much effort just to get HD streaming to work so from that perspective this product is defective.3. No USB support for external storage.4. You can stream videos from local network wifi shared devices with windows home share via other apps on amazon such as Vimu.5. Kodi side loading possible6. Two cables will always connect to the stick, don't let those other product images fool you. You need the hdmi extender so the stick antenna doesn't get blocked by the tv, and you need the power cord on the side to connect to ac power. This is no longer a "stick" product so much as mini version of the fire tv with the same amount of cords minus the voice control, ethernet and usb support.7.Did I mention no wired Ethernet support? So you're stuck with poor antenna reception and SD content if you got a lousy router or old wire mesh reinforced walls like me.8. Stick does get hot under operation. It becomes too hot to hold.9. Large amount of movies and TV shows including HD movies are available for prime members to stream on this device at no extra cost.10. No live TV from amazon unless you use third party apps at your own expense.11. The simple remote and user interface are amazing, the remote is very clean and easy to use.So unless you like to play with something mostly experimental and highly finicky, I'd save your money and just wait.Amazon app is already available on more robust platforms like the full fire tv box and playstation consoles.In summary, this is a good idea for a product with a large amount of promise and huge application add on base, but I would wait for the next hardware version to come out or buy the full fire tv.  Maybe an announcement of new version of fire tv stick for next holiday?*crosses fingers for better antenna*
This is the second Fire TV Stick I've purchased.  I purchased the first one and enjoyed using the Plex app to connect to my video server at home when I travel to my parents house.  I decided to purchase a second one because I like the Prime Instant Video app on my toddler's iPad for her to watch her favorite shows (Dora and Bubble Guppies).  I assumed since I've been able to set viewing restrictions (G and 7 ratings) on her iPad that I would be able to do the same on her Fire TV Stick for her bedroom (she doesn't have a cable connection to prevent her watching inappropriate shows).....WRONG assumption!!! I spent an hour looking through menus on the Fire TV Stick and the help section on the Amazon site only to not get a clear understanding.  Eventually I initiated a chat session with the help desk because I couldn't believe this couldn't be done.  After going round and round repeating myself via chat and telling the representative that I have a PIN set but I don't want to have to enter it in EVERY single time she watches a show, I was informed that "Parental controls work by requiring entry of your Amazon Instant Video PIN to authorize purchases and bypass any viewing restrictions you've set for your registered devices."I'm an IT person and I'm typically very pleased with Amazon and their products.  However I think they dropped the ball with this part of the device.  I also told the chat rep that it's stupid that I can set viewing restrictions for non-Amazon devices and not Amazon devices.  I'm not sure if I'll keep the device in her room yet.  I bought the first one on a pre-order for $19.99 and reluctantly paid full-price for the second one just so my daughter could watch her TV instead of her iPad during her TV time.  I'm just thoroughly frustrated and disappointed with the Fire TV Stick since it didn't fulfill it's intended purpose.  I would probably give it 4 stars otherwise.
I purchased fire Amazon Fire TV Stick during its debut on an impulse on account of a $19 promotion price. The decision has proven to be filled with serendipity despite the fact that I didn't have an immediate need for the Fire TV Stick on account of having Netflix/Hulu/Amazon Prime VoD on two game consoles as well as a Roku3. But I recently purchased a Sony Bravia UHDTV for the bedroom with AndroidTV and the Fire Stick provides me with access to HBO NOW since as of this writing there is no HBO NOW client for AndroidTV. But what *REALLY* surprised me was the fact it seems TV makers and companies making products like the Fire TV Stick are collaborating in a way I hadn't expected. Specifically, when I select the input associated with the Fire TV Stick with the Sony UHDTV remote, I can control the Fire Stick with the Sony remote, but more interestingly is that the Fire Stick and Sony UHDTV process the IR blasts only if one or the other has focus. If this weren't the case, as you navigated through the AndroidTV dashboard, you would be (in the background) also be navigating on the Fire Stick since the Sony remote is blasting IR signals that both UHDTV & Fire Stick are picking up... yet somehow there's "device negotiation" going on. What this all means is I don't have to bother using Fire TV Stick remote and can control both the Sony UHDTV & Fire TV Stick with just the Sony remote. VERY COOL! As for Fire TV Stick itself, I've had no issues with streaming, videos starts up quickly and I've never experienced buffering issues. That being said, some people will still complain about lag/buffering/spotty WiFi reception. In my experience virtually all of these problems come down to the user's home setup (though most don't see it that way) -- too long of a distance from the device providing WiFi, operating very old equipment that hasn't kept up with the (WiFi) times, etc., etc. And just because all your other devices seem "fine" doesn't mean the Nth device won't have (WiFi) problems with your ancient/ISP provided WiFi home router... which could be the Fire TV Stick or the smart phone you just picked up.
This product is quite a surprise.  I've had Chromecast for a while.  Big difference.  Plug it into TV HDMI port, plug in power cord (won't power from a USB like Chromecast, but no big deal).  TV found it, and switched to that port.  Found my home network, asked me to log in.  Then it played a short video showing me how it worked, and bam!  Done!Remote control:  Fairly simple.  Up/Down/right/left/select buttons.  Sort of obvious.  Move around and pick stuff, when in main interface, Left/right buttons will back up, or go forward 10 secs (there are also buttons for that purpose, but this was more convenient for me, because they are at the top of the remote. Then a back button, like on a phone, to take you back one step, in the menus.  A home button (obvious).  A menu button that brings up a short menu of choices, like turning on captions, or whatever.  Then reverse, pause/play, fast forward.  More on this later.Don't remember exact menus, so from memory:Organization of media:  Pretty well done.  Far-left menu, Movies, TV, Games, Watchlist, others.  Then after picking, say TV, there are several lists, like Recently Watched, New on prime, Popular on Prime, New on TV, Popular on TV, etc.  Nice that they separate the stuff I can watch, for free, well not free, but included with the Prime Membership I've had for a couple of years, from the stuff I'd have to pay extra for.  Can search for stuff, fairly easily, with remote.Now that I've covered the negatives...On day one, went through several of the lists of movies, and TV shows, and used the "Add to Watchlist" option for anything that sounded like it might be interesting.  Several HBO series, and others I'd never heard of, and then a couple that were "Amazon Original Series", one of which was called "Bosch", which i will review separately with 5 stars.  The amazing thing is this:  Play the show, it has no commercials.  Finish, and while the credits are playing, an option comes up to start the next episode. No break, no mess.  Very cool.  However the best part is something I believe they called RADAR.  During a scene, in the show, push the up button, and you get a list of characters/actors IN THE CURRENT SCENE.  That came in really handy during a scene where we sort of recognized an actress from a long time ago.  No pulling up the program, on IMDB, on my tablet computer, then trying to figure out which of a hundred characters she was playing.  Nope, just the up button, and Fire pulled in info directly from IMDB.  Not everything, but enough.  From this same screen, you can find, even jump to, music from the show, by scene, all the characters/actors, even trivia.  Click on an actor, and GENERALLY get a list of their other movies/shows, which you can select to view, then save to watchlist.  Really well done, Amazon!Then there is the Fire Stick app for my phone (I use Android).  Works just like the remote, except it has use of a keyboard, which make searching easier, and the ability to use voice commands, which I haven't tested.  This is great, because with Chromecast, I have to use the device showing the movie, to pause, etc, and with Fire alone, my wife and I struggled with one remote.  Now we have TWO again!  Yeah.So far, I've seen no hesitations, or buffering, or any such nonsense.  One time, I did SOMETHING, and my movie went black.  Sound was there, but no movie.  Just backed out, and then resumed on that movie and it was fine.  Only happened once for us, so far.Great feature - AWESOME screensaver!  Awesome pictures!  COMPLAINTS-Can't stop them, can't back up, and they don't have a caption to tell you what/where they are!  Bummer!Bottom Line:  In one weekend I watched 4 movies, an old episode of "Voyage to the bottom of the sea",  a few minutes of a old Batman TV movie from the 60's, and 6 straight episodes of "Bosch" (an amazing series, so far).In addition to Amazon Prime regularly saving me money on shipping, money on movies/shows on my laptop, it even saved me on the cost of the Fire TV Stick I just bought.  Then all the stuff we watched this weekend, Amazon definitely earned my ten bucks this month.
This is a review for the Amazon Fire TV Stick.I purchased this item at full price, after missing out on the Prime Day lightning deal.  I was not provided a free item for writing a review.  I am writing an unbiased opinion, after choosing to pay the full price for this item, and I am glad I did.I was not happy on missing out on the Prime Day lower cost.  But the product review area is not the place to let loose on Amazon criticisms.  Nobody here cares what my thoughts are about how much I paid.  If you are reading this, you want to know how the product works, and what I think of the Fire TV stick.I love it.I am a fan of Chromecast, of which I own one.  But I also wanted to get the Amazon Fire TV Stick, because Chromecast does not support Prime Instant Video.  I hate that I need both items, but I love the way my Chromecast can be used to fling my screen to the TV.  I understand that the Fire TV stick also can do this, but only with Fire TV (which I don't have).I set up my Fire Stick quickly, using the friendly on-screen help.  I began to add my apps and games.  Yes, you can add some of your Amazon games from the appstore onto your TV!!  You also can use your existing Amazon coins to make purchases.You also can have your photos display on the screen as a background...they come right out of your Cloud.  Handy dandy!I haven't tried this yet, but apparently, this Stick also works well on hotel and school dormitory systems.  I've used my Chromecast before, but had my own router plugged in.  I can't wait to try the Fire Stick all by itself.The remote is a nice addition, and you can use it as a game controller for most of the games, as well.If you have Amazon Prime and you don't yet have a Fire TV Stick, then you aren't getting the full use out of your Prime.  Go ahead, spend the $39 (as of today) to get one.  It very much is worth it, especially with the added remote, and the capability to integrate with the other Amazon features (Photo Cloud, apps, games, Instant Video, etc).  And you still can use it to access your Netflix, Hulu Plus, and other subscription services.I hope I've been helpful...I'm a REAL purchaser, and not someone getting freebies or spouting off on sour grapes without ever buying the product.Hope you enjoy your Fire TV Stick as much as I do!
This is a great value and very good media device. The interface is slick and operates very smoothly. There are many ways you can extend the Fire's capability if you are technically inclined and explore the forums. The device is already registered to your Amazon account when you receive it which is a nice touch. Setup was simple and easier to connect to my network than the Chromecast. The remote is a great add at this price point. Note that the Fire TV/Stick can be controlled with the newer Logitech remotes, but not with the older Harmony IR based remotes. It doesn't seem to like being powered through the USB port on the TV. However the cable is long enough to use the power adapter with a normal outlet.I previously used a Roku as my primary streamer with an AppleTV for airplay. I also have a ChromeCast. The FireTV stick has replaced the Roku as my go to device. While on the surface similar to the Chromecast, it is a different device altogether. The Chromecast has no user interface of its own and relies on a smartphone, tablet, or computer to stream on your TV. While a great device in its own right it is not really the best choice as your primary home streamer. The Fire TV Stick is an equivalent to the Roku stick, but in practice is more comparable to the full Roku streamers - it has a surprising amount of processing power and works just as fluidly as a a Roku 2/3. I prefer the Fire TV interface; even though some technology review sites suggests it pushes Amazon content in your face I don't really find that to be the case and it provides equivalent value even if you are not a Prime subscriber. The Roku has a unified search across all media channels and has a vast amount of channels you can add, but that's less of an advantage if your viewing is focused on the main providers like NetFlix, Hulu, SlingTV and Prime. For me the user experience with the Fire TV is better and negates those advantages. Unless you live primarily in the Apple ecosystem, the Apple TV is a secondary device at best if you use Prime to any extent.In the end your choice for a primary streamer will come down to whether it supports the channels/services you want to view. All of these devices have a gap in their line up. But assuming they all cover what you need in the end I prefer the Fore TV stick. It works as smoothly as the full size streamers but tucks away discreetly in your HDMI port and has a very nice UI that does a great job of blending your Prime content with your normal streaming providers.
It hooks up in seconds. Plug the device into your TV on one end and an electrical outlet on the other (so be sure you've got one available and accessible). Sign in to your wifi and you are up and running. You'll have to set up your accounts for Amazon and other carriers you might use to access HBO and such. In my case, I log on to my Comcast account to gain access to that content. You only have to do it once, though, and you have access all the time. There is so much available as far as content and I won't go into all that because you can see it in the product description. There is a LOT available to you, though.I bought a Chromecast first and it was meh, so I decided to try the Fire Stick and it was a huge improvement in terms of content, speed, consistency of retaining the signal, and having the remote control which is a huge plus. I am using mine pretty far away from my router. The router is downstairs and the Fire Stick is on a TV upstairs and the connection is always listed as "good". Not excellent but good seems to work just fine.I use my stick for watching movies and shows on Amazon, HBO, and other providers and I play a couple of the free games. It works perfectly for all that I want to do with it. I have had one for several months and I just bought a second one. You will want to be careful in keeping track of the remote control, though, because it is pretty small. I actually love that it's small because it's so easy to keep in your hand and navigate easily. As is the case with many products today, there is no instruction manual included but it's available online and through the device which walks you through the set up as soon as you plug it in. I'd also thought I'd try the Fire Stick before investing in the more expensive Fire TV but I can't see any reason to upgrade. If you compare the features, the Fire TV may be better suited to those who want to do more with it than what I do.
While this device definitely has the technical horsepower advantage over the Roku stick, there is much room for improvement.Pros (Where my Fire Stick wins):-Very snappy, you can tell the Fire Stick has better tech specs than the Roku Stick.-Comes with an HDMI extension.-More games on Fire Stick.Cons (where my Roku wins):-For one thing the home interface is terrible. It is very cumbersome and just not pretty at all.-Search will only search Amazon Prime content, not Netflix, Starz, Plex, etc.-Apps are listed in a long line, so if you want to go to an app you haven't used in a while you have to scroll through every one.-The same apps are listed in different categories... It doesn't sound bad but it's annoying to me.-Lots of apps listed on the front page that aren't really useful for the Fire stick (VLC, File browsers, etc)-Movies and TV tabs only list Prime content-Apps that I don't own are listed in my front page, there is no "store". Undownloaded apps riddle and clutter the home screen.-I GET AN EMAIL EVERY TIME I DOWNLOAD AN APP!!!!!Push:-Streaming quality is great on both.-Remotes are basically the same.-Similar streaming apps, the Fire page lists that the Roku doesn't have an official Twitch app... But Roku does in fact have an official one now.In conclusion, these two devices do basically the same thing. However I MUCH prefer my Roku to the Fire TV. When I search for a show from my Roku home screen it lists all of my subscriptions that I can watch it on. It seems like Amazon is pushing prime way to hard on this device instead of offering an all-in-one streaming device that gets you to the right app for the show/movie you are looking for. It looses one star because of this.It looses the second star because the interface is just plain ugly. Fix this and you gain at least one star back. Maybe fixing this will help with my first complaint... Not to mention cut my cons list by at least half.
Once my satellite cable special ended, I was paying double the amount- and I didn't have the Oprah channel! While seeking another special with a customer service representative via telephone, I was reading about the Fire TV Stick online to weigh my options. The satellite company did not present a new special; yet, I was paying for service wherein I had to watch what was offered during specific time slots. It doesn't take a genius to realize the advantages of Amazon's product, so without hesitation I cancelled my satellite service- and I am have a ball! Owning a portable device that allows me to watch what I want when AND where I want is a blessing! All I need is WiFi access, popcorn and water using the device. I plan to purchase one for my bedroom and a third one or my dad. THANK YOU, Amazon, for giving us the opportunity to finally stick it to cable and satellite companies!  :-)UPDATE: September 12, 2015After using the device for over two months, I am truly disappointed for sure. The Fire Stick TV (FST) began freezing for several seconds only to buffer in the end. Soon afterwards, the buffering began lasting fr several minutes only to return to the main home page. After the ads finish running, a black screen appears for thirty seconds minimum. I thought it was my Wi-Fi but decided to purchase the Google Chromecast to compare the two, and the Chromecast confirmed my initial belief- the FST is worthless! The Chromecast has yet to disappoint, and it uses the same Wi-Fi network as the FST. If I had the time to return the FST, I would send it back in an instant. However, it is quicker to encourage others to avoid making the same mistake regardless of being a loyal Amazon fan.Sorry Amazon, but you missed the mark with this product.  :-(
I wanted to ask if  the arrow pointing backwards was for replaying the last minute or so, if you missed what was said etc. the answer is NO.  That arrow is to take you up to the last menu.  I didn't appreciate that you had to buy it to find out, either.  I also wanted to know if you could get Gaiam TV in the apps, but I couldn't find it there.  ( I don't care for violent tv!)  I tried the search function, but that only brought me to yoga programs for  $3.99 each, which I get those and movies for $9.99 a month on their channel.  The sound kept stuttering even in the  installation videos, so I unplugged it for 30 secs. etc, still no good. I got busy with something else, then the screensaver came on, that's when I noticed a circle kept spinning (loading or buffering).  I tried to adjust the sound setting mentioned in the video but the Dolby Plus wasn't even on. So I went to try out my favorite show "Krishna Das Live in New York City Vol 1"  and the screen said not enough bandwidth.  I quit then, as I don't like the tiny remote, nor the navigation from what I saw.  I believe it only held  75 programs on my watch list, I just noticed hundreds more watchlist programs on the roku, being held, but i had to remove some for those to pop up.  I had to  disconnect and reconfigure all the plugs, my chrome dongle had to be moved, I was thinking I'd have to leave off my roku or the chrome,  I BOUGHT THIS BECAUSE I WANTED A BETTER, FULL SIZE REMOTE WITH AN INSTANT REPLAY BUTTON ( that what my Roku 2 is, chintsy and  w/out the replay button).  I only have/want 720 P, don't want to pay extra for the 1080p videos either, I am on a limited income.  It was a big  hassle to find out it just wasn't a good fit. Perhaps if the  bandwidth ... the navigation was confusing, YUCK !  Sorry Amazon...
I bought this device in December 2014 and first few months it worked just fine. I didnt expect this device to be magic box but it was fine for what it was advertised to do. I mostly watched Netflix and sometimes Amazon Prime. Around March/April (3-4 months after I got the device) it started giving me serious problems. While watching a show or movie on Netflix, picture would intermittently flicker and jerk for few seconds after every couple minutes. Then the picture would just jump to current location few seconds later. And finally approximately 3/4th way though the movie, video will stop while the audio keeps going. I have to stop the movie and restart it.Amazon's customer service while usually great, has been absolutely horrendous when it comes to this device. I have had 4 calls with customer service which all pretty much went like this:Call 1: So sorry to hear about this, blah blah blah. Lets clear netflix cache, clear data and uninstall and reinstall app. You should be all set. We will call back in couple of days to check in with you. NO CALL BACK. Issues started again 2-3 days later.Call 2: I called back again a week later and was told the same script again - so sorry this is happening..BLAH BLAH BLAH. We have to go through all the steps again - clear cache again, uninstall app and reinstall. Then additionally, factory reset Fire TV stick. You should be good to go now and we will call back in couple of days to check in. NO CALL BACK. Issues start again within couple of days.Call 3: Same freakin script again - Made me go through all these steps again and told me to try hooking Fire TV Stick without the HDMI extender that came with it. This should fix the issue and we will call back to make sure there is absolutely no issues going forward. Wait for it - NO CALL BACK and issues start again.Call 4 (LAST CALL) on June 22nd - Apparently the agent transferred me to higher level support for fire tv stick or whatever they call it and the agent told me that he is opening a ticket for this and it should be fixed within 24-48 hours. And now it is 3 weeks later with same issues.Its to the point that I dont use this device - it just sits there. I didnt expect this from Amazon and have learned a lesson about never buying Amazon branded hardware, no matter how good a deal it may seem.Expected better from you Amazon.Update (7/18/2015): Oh and the audio is completely out of sync if you are watching HBO Go on Fire stick.
Once I got it working (so far) after about 4 hours of messing with it, it seems to be a decent little device. I am using it for prime and hbo Go, and as long as it has signal it seems to work okay.My biggest problem with this thing is that it's ability to pick up a WiFi signal sucks. I have a lot of devices connected via wifi with absolutely no problems....until I tried to connect this little guy. I put it on the TV I planned on using it with and installed a WiFi booster near it just to make sure. when doing the network setup, it detected my network with max bars for signal but then immediately disconnected...I retired this repeatedly during the setup with the same results. After I got frustrated with that, I brought it down to another TV about 3 feet from my router, only to experience the same issue for about 3 hours while trying different things and configurations on my router to get it to work, including changing the channel of my router to various channels in case there was some sort of interference that none of the other 9 wireless items near that TV were getting, but somehow the fire stick was (it should be noted that it would bounce back and forth from max signal to no signal repeatedly)...still the same problem with only a brief break where I could actually stream on it for 5 minutes with decent quality.Finally after changing and trying multiple things I finally took it back to the TV I originally started with and plugged in my wifi booster about 3 feet away, figuring what the hell I'll try it one more time on the TV I started with and if it doesn't work, return it....well for now it has worked with high quality for about 30 minutes (which is a record so far by a long shot). If all continues to go well I will leave this at three stars due to the fact it's nice when working, but caused me to blow my entire evening getting it to work. However, if it fails again like it was, I will be returning it and marking it down to 1 star which would be the most anything deserves that doesn't work as it should
The tech support for this thing is nuts!  I ordered this device in Jan 2015.  I don't remember when it was delivered.  Anyway, it worked great for awhile.  About a month ago, I noticed that it didn't automatically switch the TV to the proper input when the HOME button was pressed.  This was annoying, but I just reached for the TV's remote and manually changed inputs.  Hey, I'm easy.  Then, last week, it just stopped working.  All I got was a message on my screen that said the TV was not receiving a signal from the device - check networking and other connections.I called Amazon tech support.  They took me down the rabbit hole.  I was on the phone for a couple of hours doing all the elementary troubleshooting that everyone does prior to calling for help.  At one point, Amazon contacted my cable provider's tech support and put me on a three-way call!  Amazon wanted Comcast to remotely switch my router's frequency from 2.4 Ghz to 5 Ghz, or vice versa.  Both the Comcast tech and I simultaneously asked, "WTF?"  Evidently, Amazon has a known issue with this thing losing connectivity.  I was not in the mood to reconfigure almost a dozen WiFi enabled devices in my home to accommodate this one device that used to work.The kibosh was put to the Amazon insanity when I finally asked the question, "Is this thing still under Amazon warranty?"  The answer was, "Yes."  So, I told them to send me an RMA because I was done trying to resurrect what was clearly a dead device.  The Amazon tech (Jake) was cheerful and professional throughout my ordeal.  Of course, it wasn't his fault.  He has a protocol to follow.Amazon quickly replaced the offending device.  The replacement works great - so far (less than 24 hrs as of this post).
I purchased the Fire TV Stick when it first came out, at the special Prime Members Price, and it has exceeded my expectations. The stick is compact, and the remote is both responsive, and feels good in your hand. It's light, but does not feel cheap. It's specs allow it to have a really good user experience, as its both snappy and responsive with minimal (nothing to get bothered about) lag. I have the Chromecast, Roku 3 and Roku Stick, and the Fire TV is my main device.The main benefit for me over the Chromecast is the ability to use a remote, it sounds simple, but to me it makes a world of difference. Using phone or tablet as the remote is fine, and works well, but there is something about the tactile feel of the buttons, that cannot be understated. You get used to the button placement, and your fingers know exactly where each button is, and because its so responsive it just feels right. When I had to use the smart phone to control the Chromecast, I was either constantly looking at the screen to see the button, or having to get through the lockscreen to pause or play or seek. If the Chromecast had a remote, I may not have immediately retired it to drawer of forgotten electronics when I got the Fire TV Stick. Also many of the same features that made Chromecast stand out have now been integrated into the Fire TV Stick (such as true screen mirroring). Also not to mention the frequent disconnects, and failures to connect with the device that the Chromecast had, and the because the Fire TV stick has MIMO, it just seems like a more solid faster connection.When you compare it to the Roku platform, it still lags behind Roku in terms of available channels. There are some channels that just cannot be found on the Fire TV platform, that allow the Roku to still be connected to the same TV, and that is the only reason I have my Roku 3 connected to the TV still. Just for those certain channels. I also prefer the Fire TV Stick remote to the Roku 3 remote even with the headphone jack (I dont use the headphone jack, as I have a wireless headset for the TV but it is a great feature). The Fire TV Sticks remote seems to have a longer battery life, even though I use it a lot more, and the buttons feel more responsive. When it comes to pure performance, it cant beat to Roku 3 specs, but things feel just as snappy on the Fire TV stick if not only slightly less snappy when pressing buttons and navigating menus, the Roku 3 is smoother but its not a huge difference. Plex also performs better, on the Roku 3, but I really like the Fire TV Plex interface a lot better. Plex on Roku uses the familiar row and column style of navigation, but on Fire TV both navigation and player control and interface looks and feels a lot more intuitive, I really wish they had the interface they have on the Fire TV on the Roku.When it comes to comparing the Roku Stick and Fire TV Stick, there really is no comparison, the Roku Stick navigation is laggy, to the point where it is noticeable, and the buttons have a noticable lag as well. I would only recommend the Roku Stick if there are channels you want on Roku that are not available on the Fire TV Stick, if not, its a no brainier, go with the Fire TV Stick. The choice between the Fire TV Stick and the Roku set top boxes are harder, but if I had to go with one it would be the Roku set top box. I'm fortunate to be able to have both, and like I said the Fire TV Stick is the one I use the most, mostly because of the remote, I cant count how many times in the the middle of a movie or show, or Plex stream I have accidentally pressed one of the shortcut buttons like Netflix or Hulu, which kicked me out of what I was watching.Some people complain that the Fire TV Stick is too catered too Prime Video. For me this is not really a problem, as I have a Prime Instant Video subscription, which I use often, but for some, they probably prefer a cleaner interface like the Roku Channel Screen, and to be honest, I do as well, I even find that navigation in Prime Instant Video is better on the Roku then it is on the Fire TV Stick.Here's hoping the next version has 802.11ac and more channel/app support for the companies and developers who only have their stuff on Roku.Bottom line: For under $40, you get a great device, which for me blows away the Chromecast, and bests the Roku Stick. The only reason you would get a Roku over this is for the Roku specific channels, and if you do, spend a little more ditch the Roku Stick and go with the Roku set top box for the best experience.
I bought the fire TV stick as part of my developing plan to cut the cable.  But this review is for the fire TV stick. So I will focus on that. The fire TV steak is another aspect of the Amazon prime universe. it brings the Amazon prime service to your TV.  Of course that is primarily video in the case of TV though the Amazon prime music teacher can also be Accessed.  There are also games and assorted other apps in the App Store.  The device also interfaces with other video streaming services like  YouTube, Hulu, HBO go, and Sling TV. Using the fire TV stick,  for cutting the cable is a three-part game.  You need a digital TV antenna to pick up your local station for local news and stuff like that.  You need the fire TV stick to access other content off the web. And you need subscriptions to assorted services for the fire TV stick.  And you need subscriptions to assorted services for the fire TV sick.  I would suggest Amazon prime, because it has such a large amount of free content.  This gives you your on-demand and premium type content.  To fill in the gap between your local content and the premium content, I would suggest Sling TV. This service provides real-time streaming of other cable channels like the history channel, the food channel, and home and Garden channel, etc. As well as children's content like Disney and Cartoon Network. Back to the fire TV steak, the device is easy to use.  It plugs into the back of your television and her into a power outlet. And I when you power everything up, it leads you through the set up.  To be sure, you must have access to high-speed Internet over a Wi-Fi connection in order for this device to work. The device is very inexpensive, however, the initial purchase price is the smallest part of the total cost of ownership. TCO  include the cost of accessing high-speed Internet plus the monthly or annual charges for the streaming services plus any pay-to-view content you buy.I would definitely recommend the fire TV stick. Even if I don't eventually cut the cable,  I would definitely recommend the fire TV stick. Even if I don't eventually cut the cable, I will  leave it installed on my TV. It is a very convenient way to watch my Amazon prime content on the big screen.
Very poor compatibility with outside controllers. PS4 controllers and many other modern wireless controllers will not work on here. Hours on support gave me absolutely no help. 360 and PS3 controllers "MAY" work on this, depending on the model. My PS3 controller will not work without flashing the system and installing extra software. There was nothing that explained this peripheral difference between the TV Stick and Amazon Fire TV.If you are not looking for something for gaming on, this is okay. Roku runs deals often that put them in line with the TV stick, this really is not a great option for gaming, and the start menu is really clunky for non-amazon viewing. The Hulu port to the stick was awfully done, and the reviews on the Amazon store show it. This was a half-finished, poor clone of something that should not have been given a budget model. Roku has been able to do it better for less.Amazon Fire Support: Completely useless overseas "yes sir i am complete understand and empathy sir" kind of support. After four reps asked me "did you try turning it off and back on?", I asked for a supervisor who was just as useless at helping me fix the problems that arose. The support for the Amazon Fire products are outsourced, uncaring, and NOT the same, lovable staff that you will get for a usual Amazon customer service experience, and that is very disappointing.Overall: If you absolutely can't upgrade to a Roku for $10 more, this TV Stick is a BARELY okay option for TV lovers. The lack of true modern controller functionality is a kick in the pants. Amazon wants you to buy their first-party controller, or the Fire TV box for optimum compatibility. The Hulu port skips and crashes, the front menu can be confusing to navigate, so confusing that they force you to watch several tutorials before you can start your TV Stick, and even then it doesn't help you figure out where you can properly download apps, forcing you to use the search bar for absolutely everything you do. You're better off buying Roku, or saving up for the Fire TV box.
I have both the stick and the box and they are both way faster than the Apple TV, which made me so happy, I tried to "stick" with Apple TV, and like many kept waiting and waiting and still no apple tv update, well after this past June where there was suppose to be an updated version of apple tv, I finally gave up...With that said, I first bought the fire tv box through the deal with sling tv, immediately I fell in love with it, from how fast it is, to the many options of apps and games. I then bought the fire tv stick for the kids room and was amazed on how fast this little stick is compared to the apple tv that I moved it to the livingroom. Sorry kids....I'm sorry that I am only comparing it to the apple tv, but that's all that I had besides my son's playstation 3.There is no lag in this little thing, it's fast, and consistently keeps a strong WiFi signal, and the remote is amazing, not better than the fire tv box remote, as this one does not have the voice option.What I love most about the stick is that I keep it plugged in a cabinet on the back of my dvdo edge not behind my tv, and even being stuck in the back of an entertainment cabinet with the cabinet door kept closed, it still maintained a strong WiFi signal and there was no problem controlling the unit with the remote as the remote is bluetooth.Now, how I compared this to the apple tv, I had them both on at the same time and used Netflix at the very same time and put on the same movie which was world war z with Brad pitt.I started the movie at the very same time and the movie started up right away compared to the 10 seconds that it took for the apple tv to start the movie.I then skipped the movie ahead and the movie once again started up right away while the apple tv took forever to start up again.This thing is fast and now my apple tv is catching dust.I was trying to figure out something negative for this review and I found one thing, instead of me using the wall outlet to power this thing I am using the USB connection on my tv which does power this unit, the only problem is that when the tv shuts off so does the stick, which means when the tv comes on the stick is starting up with the tv. Which may not be a problem to most, but if you have an hdmi switcher/line doubler it will automatically turn on the line doubler signal.That's really it, I love this little thing, I am not sure how much more they can improve it is they come out with a second generation model, but I look forward to seeing how they can perfect it.Oh, and one more thing, just in case... for the gamers, the ps4 controller does not work with the fire tv stick, it does however work for the fire tv box. And it works well for the box, much better buy... I am not sure why, but it will not recognize the ps4 controller.Thank you
This is my third tv streamer but my first for the Amazon Fire stick. So I feel when I rate this I am a bit more fair as I do have other brands to compare with it. Now don't get me wrong we bought a Roku a few years back and got rid of our satellite bill. Best choice ever. Each month I paid close to $100 to get the channels that my family wanted. And when the weather went bad there was no tv. So I looked into my choices and at the time there was no Amazon Fire. So the best on the market was Roku. But, now that I have both I must say for your money best value is the Amazon Fire! First there are so many more channels. Second there is even games don't get to excited they are little apps same as what you can play on your Amazon tablet or smart phone. But, hey they are there and on a big screen! Third you obviously still have all your movie channels like Netflix and all so the same there but what Amazon has that Roku can't hold a candle to is the Pluto channel that has many channels your going to LOVE there is news, sports, diy, cooking, anime. You name it there is even history and science. This one app alone is worth the difference. But, there is even more. So I give this the best review ever! If your in the market for a streamer DO GET THIS! It is very much worth the money. And if you want you can still watch Starz and HBO. This is so much better then cable! And I can crank up the music on this thing while I clean house.Update: Now that I have had the Fire for a while and can compare to the Roku there is one factor that has come to my family's attention. While like I said before is true the actual streaming is not as good as the Roku. So we are waiting (a lot) for buffing or loading of a show. There is nothing quite like watching the news and in the middle of key wording to have the Fire stop streaming and start buffing and once it starts you miss what the man was trying to say. So if this doesn't bother you then the Fire is the way to go.
The FIre TV stick strive for greatness yet once again, just like the Fire Phone, fell short of expectations.As is the case with Amazon product, the products appear well constructed, first-class built and hyped greatly by its well-developed advertisement wed page. When I have the choice between this Fire Stick and Roku Stick for my 3 month special Sling promotion, I chose this after reading its wed page and considering all the hypes around its hardware. And as was the case with the Fire Phone, I was quite disappointed.First, the Fire TV isn't exactly popular with apps developer, as is the case with everything in Amazon stratosphere. You will notice that in app advertisement, Amazon put Youtube.com and not the usual YouTube red logo. That's because YouTube doesn't have a dedicated app for Amazon Fire Stick yet. Though this is the least of my problem since there is alternative app that function just the same. I am only mentioning this as proof that app developing for Fire Stick is quite underdeveloped.Second, the app that is active for Fire Stick isn't exactly well developed! SlingTV and MLBTV apps were the main reasons I got this stick to begin with and the lagging, slow responsiveness, freezing and untimely exits have caused me to pull out quite a few hair from my head. I can't vouch for Netflix, Hulu, or HBO Go since I am not subscribed to their services but I can safely assume that their functions isn't much better than what I experienced with Sling or MLBTV.Lack of contents and dysfunctional apps really drive the value of this seemingly powerful stick down. I don't know exactly how Amazon's gonna woo all those developers when the public interest in its Fire Stick remains limited either. So save yourself some time and grief (hair as well), go buy either the Roku stick or Nexus player. The Amazon TV line slowly but surely will end up just like its phone, giveaway nobody wants.
I'm very happy with my Amazon Fire TV Stick.  I wanted an easy, low-cost/low-techno method of enabling my *non-Smart* TV (8 year old Sony Bravia KDL-26S3000 26-inch TV) to stream TV and movie content. I didn't want to have to watch TV/movies using my computer room PC; I wanted to be able to watch in my bedroom instead.  This unit did the trick, and I continue to discover new benefits to using it, along with an Amazon Prime membership I bought to coincide with the Fire Stick purchase.  I understand that I could have bought the TV Stick and signed up for Netflix as my streaming service, for example, instead of or in addition to the Amazon Prime Instant Video streaming service, but so far I'm completely satisfied with just the Fire Stick and Amazon Prime's streaming service.Could the Fire Stick's Android application be re-named as "Amazon Fire Stick" instead of its current "Fire Stick," so its name would show up next to my other Amazon software in my Android -- Amazon, Amazon Kindle, Amazon Music?  I'd love to see a user-friendly listing snuggled between "Amazon" and "Amazon Kindle" instead of down in the Fs. Maybe the absence of the term "Amazon" in the Android app is a sort of branding deliberate move?Although, as others have pointed out, the remote that comes with the TV Fire Stick does *not* include a voice-search option, I have found that installing the Fire Stick application onto my Android does a great job at the voice search.  I simply pull down a tab on my Fire Stick application on my Android, say "Curb Your Enthusiasm," for example, and that title appears on screen for then selecting on my Android -- by pressing anywhere on the screen.  No need to press buttons to enter each letter of a wanted title on my Fire Stick remote or Time Warner remote, and certainly no need to try to figure out "what Time Warner channel do I need to be on in order to even search -- is it 500, 510, is Curb Your Enthusiasm an HBO series, etc.The setup did have one glitch, when I got an error message when the stick was trying to connect to my PC's router.  I unfortunately delved into the "Advanced" field and later into an unhelpful conversation with an Amazon rep who sent me to "my service provider."  But finally my router (DLink) rep set me straight, reassuring me that the issue was in fact a Fire Stick issue, not a router issue (judging from my still being able to get online from my PC and phone), so I simply *cancelled out* of the connection screens, tried to Connect again, and I got a "Connection Successful" the second try.I just noticed today that there is a "Prime" banner at the upper left of the tv/movie thumbnail displays, indicating that the tv show or movie is *free* for Amazon Prime members, as opposed to requiring a one-time additional fee.  This is great!One still-remaining Amazon video streaming confusion: Did Amazon Prime Instant Video's name change to "Amazon Instant Video" and we're still seeing some legacy mentions of the "Prime" case -- or are Amazon Prime Instant Video and Amazon Instant Video two different things?  Maybe the "Prime" term is associated with the "free with Prime membership" items and the "Instant Video," without the term "Prime" is the umbrella term for both the free-with-Prime-membership and non-free items, or perhaps just the non-free items?  I'm sure this must all be documented clearly somewhere. Found some writeups so far, but not quite answering that question.
The occasional "picture freeze" problem is directly related to the power adapter that's included with the Fire TV Stick.  I decided to try one of the USB ports on the back of my 32" LG 32LB520B television, hoping that the USB port had enough power to correctly operate the Fire TV Stick.  I substituted the long Amazon USB cable that was included with the Fire TV Stick with a 1 foot long (12") high quality Anker cable to maximize the available power output from the USB on the TV to the Fire TV Stick.  A short 1 foot high quality cable (like the Anker brand available here on Amazon) will work best because it minimizes any power loss in the cable.  It solved the problem completely.  No more picture freeze.  Everything runs fast and smooth.  The USB port on my LG TV has enough "horsepower" (with the Anker 1 foot cable) to power the Fire TV Stick.The problem with the included Amazon power adapter (power supply) is most likely:  1. The 5 volt output is unregulated and does not maintain the constant 5 volts that's required.  2.  It is unfiltered or poorly filtered allowing electrical noise to pass into the Fire TV stick.  3.  It's rated at a 1 amp output, but that doesn't mean it's actually delivering 1 amp or the power needed to correctly operate the Fire TV Stick.  The included power supply looks cute, but internally it's junk and it actually might be suffering from all 3 of the above mentioned possible problems.Give this remedy a try.  Be sure to use the 1 foot Anker USB cable.  It should fix the picture freeze problem.  If your TV does not have a USB port or if the USB port on your TV doesn't have enough power to correctly operate the Fire TV Stick ... then use a quality 5 volt power adapter (power supply) from Anker or RavPower in place of the junk Amazon power adapter that came with the Fire TV Stick.  They are available here on Amazon.
This thing worked fine the 2 weeks I used it.  First of all the reason why I got it was the size.  It is so tiny and hides behind the TV you can't even see it unlike the Fire TV box which can be distracting with its bright white light.  I hooked it up and connected it to my 5ghz network.  The UI looks great in 1080p so I tried some apps.  First HBOGo and YouTube are unbearable with this stick.  Very slow to navigate and sluggish.  Other apps like iHeart Radio run fine.  My primary app though is Netflix and it loads fine and navigates fine.  The issue that I had with it that made me reconnect my Fire TV box was the constant video stuttering.  It was at the point were the video would freeze for a couple of seconds then speed up or the video would freeze up for a half a second every 5 seconds giving me a headache.  I ended up using my PS4 which is powerhog and video playback was smooth.  Then I tried other apps and even Hulu Plus would stutter aka not as bad as Netflix but still but what got me was that Amazon own Instant video was also stuttering which I never had a issue on the Fire TV box.In the end I reconnected my Fire TV box and instead moved it to my closet where I can't see it.  I should have done that from the beginning.  Now the Fire TV box also stutters with Netflix but not as bad as the Fire TV stick.These problems are not the app developers fault.  The Fire TV stick has pretty powerful hardware in it.  There are way less powerful boxes and sticks that can stream this apps smooth.  It is the Fire OS problem as it runs a very old version of Android Jellybean which I read soon will get the current version of Lollipop which should get rid of all these issues then I might try the stick again and update this review.
I absolutely LOVE my fire TV stick.Initially, it took a little while to get it set up because I didn't realize that I needed an available power source when I purchased it. All of my outlets were used up by my TV, set top box, and DVD player. Fortunately, I had an extra power strip, so I used that to accommodate all of my plugs. The plug for the fire stick is pretty wide and takes up at least 2 slots on a power strip, so just be aware of that if you need to move some things around to plug it in like I did.Once I got all of my power issues sorted out, it was smooth sailing. The video tutorial came up automatically and was short and to the point. I am blown away by how multifunctional the fire TV stick is. Once I entered my Wi-Fi password, my Amazon Prime account connected instantly and my Netflix account only required me to sign in before all of my information was transferred over to the stick. The image quality is phenomenal and I have had no issues with buffering while watching TV shows and movies. I also uploaded some music to my Prime library on my computer, which automatically transferred over to my fire TV stick. I love that you can use the stick to play music from your prime library or choose pre-made playlists to listen to.A pleasant surprise: I paused my TV show using the remote and walked away to get dinner ready, and when I came back a slideshow of nature pictures was playing! I had no idea that there were pre-loaded photos for screen savers. You can also have a link sent to your phone or email that will allow you to automatically upload all of your personal pictures to your fire stick to display on your TV.If you are considering purchasing the fire TV stick but you don't have Amazon Prime, I strongly suggest becoming a Prime member. The benefits of free TV shows and movies aren't a huge deal if you already have a Netflix or HuluPlus account, but it is great to have your music and photos uploaded onto your fire stick. Plus, you really can't beat 2-day shipping.Overall, this is a wonderful product. I am even thinking about purchasing another one for the TV in my bedroom!
I got this primarily to connect to Netflix. Previously, I've used Push2TV to connect my laptop to the TV using WiDi. That worked OK, but I had to set it up each time we wanted to watch something.Then I used a feature on my Blu-ray player that allowed me to connect to Netflix. That was easier, but navigating the menus was slow and cumbersome.The Fire Stick is an entirely different experience. Set up was quick and easy. It is intuitive. It shows the new Netflix menu system which is much easier to use. Pausing, rewinding, and fast forwarding works perfectly. It loads the movies or TV shows and starts them in a few seconds (less than half the time with previous options, including my laptop). They don't stop part way to buffer, and the streaming quality never falters. It is how streaming Netflix on TV was meant to be.Someone mentioned in their review that the quality of the streamed movies seems better than other things they've tried. I agree with this. After the five minute set up, I watched "House of Flying Daggers" as a test. It looked so pretty that I just kept watching the whole thing. When my wife came in, knowing she didn't care much for that movie, I said we could watch something else. She said, "But this is so pretty!"The Fire Stick might be doing some enhancing on the fly, but I suspect that the increased quality may be because less of the video data is lost due to the Fire Stick's speed and large buffer. Regardless of the reason, it does seem that the quality of Netflix streamed content is improved when using the Fire Stick.One caveat. While setting up, I plugged the power adapter into a strip that powers my TV, DVR, Blu-ray, &etc.; I got a warning advising me to use the power adapter that came with the Fire Stick. Since I _was_ using the Fire Stick's adapter, I tried plugging it directly into the wall outlet. That cleared up the problem; I no longer got the message. In any case, there was nothing wrong with the Fire Stick or the power adapter; the problem was with the power strip. I suppose I need to get a new one of those.In short, this is how streaming Netflix on TV was meant to be.
This Fire TV is great... not perfect... but I am more than willing to accept the growing pains in the hope that; I will some day be able to drop my current satellite  TV carrier;  as they are no joy to deal with.... an example of this; is that most popular movies are eventually all repeatedly played on all of the other movie  channel's . The thing about the latter topic is the learning curve that is disturbingly now a disappointing fact that = one new popular movie will play over and over sometimes for full year; one new movie is now on every network I pay for. I think having an entertainment package that is set up to expire in certain ways or in whole or in parts;  evolving into a negative learning curve...that  my bill gradually grew too  over $130.00 monthly and did  eventually end up being $150.00 monthly . I have had conversations with others with a monthly cable  bill of $200.00 this to me is unbelievable; considering the bill at some point suddenly felt like an unfair carnival game .  I now have to constantly keep open eyes on my current satellite entertainment package and there tactical billing changes....I am fed up with the double talk; each and every time I have to renegotiate my entertainment package just trying to keep my bill around the $100.00 range. I actually had a customer agent laughing at me because I stated the history of TV in my lifetime from free TV with commercials; evolving  to  piad cable with no commercials and now in these times of technology; you are now a part of an indifferent private Club known as fine art of "Algorithms" in  what can and does feel like maze of double talk information;  turning what sounds like a good product until  that day of realizing; not only was I locked into a contract but my bill was now a constant flux of jockeying back and forth with a trained customer care person; that now made recommendations that  apparently are compleatly designed to have any of my input turned into a recorded loop or what some would  call; "a moment of clarity" especially when a quality customer care person calls me up on my time and with all sincerity has an outright fit of laughter concerning my locked in contractual billing woes and the disbelief that TV was actually free at one time.... Anyway gogetem Amazon. I have everything Amazon and would like nothing more to than to pay into a full on TV entertainment  package with a company like Amazon that I believe in; Amazon has repeatedly proven to me that they can and do everything better... in customer satisfaction in all there products and services. All of my personal experiences with any and all of  Amazons costumer staff has been by far the most outstanding group of people that seemingly without effort; make a worldwide company feel like one of my own tribe or family of friends that I would break bread with any day of the week. I hope to have Fire TV as my primary entertainment package by the middle of 2016.
I purchased this Fire TV Stick after reviewing all the positive and negative feedback reviews, and researching it very well from its own descriptions and great features. I got rid of Dish after they raised my bill ridiculously and really looked forward to getting my Fire TV Stick with Sling TV programming!!! When I received it, I was really jazzed with all their great features, as advertised!! The installation process is super fast and super easy, especially if you already have an account with Amazon!! Super cool, I must add!!! I was up and running in several short minutes. The picture clarity is superb!!! The audio is also first-class!!!I resisted joining Amazon Prime, because I already had accounts with Sling TV and Hulu Plus. And...they seemed to work quite well with my Wi-Fi wireless network system!! However, after seeing all that Amazon Prime has to offer...so much out there!!...I joined up. =====Now here is the reason I have given this review three stars.===== Amazon does most all of their programming with "streaming" and it is TOTALLY AGGRAVATING!!!!!! With all of the amount of memory storage capacity it maintains, they still "stream" EVERYTHING!!! They also state, that I don't have enough bandwidth with my high speed internet to handle their streaming, so my viewing will be constantly starting and stopping while viewing my TV program and movie selections!!!! One of their strongest arguments to having you purchase this equipment, is that your viewing selections would be seen immediately!!! Even if the loading process took a minute or two, I could be very happy with that!! At least, I would be watching my selections seamlessly!!!What gets me the most, is that you can only watch ONE PROGRAM AT A TIME or LISTEN TO ONE RADIO STATION AT A TIME, so why is it so hard to "load" that TV selection, movie, or other programming selection "into available memory" for seamless viewing pleasure?????!!!!! It is not rocket science, and the Fire TV Stick already has the technology built-in!! I have tried everything imaginable to make the Stick work as well as the Sling TV and Hulu Plus programming, but to no avail. I will do my best for a while longer, but may have to return the "Stick" after all. Sooooo Sad So Far!!!!
I love this device. Now, having said that, here is why. We had a wii to watch our Netflix (very bad channel always freezing or not working) and when I got PRIME 2 years ago. We could not watch it well on the wii. Whenever we would buy a movie (even HD) we could only ever watch it in SD (SUCKED) but eventually we knew to save the extra $1 for HD and just rent the SD. But we always had problems with buffering. Yes, I understand the WII is practically ancient, but we are a budget conscious family, and it worked, so we stayed with it. Until July of this year -2015. I must repeat this multiple times throughout this review. " I LOVE THIS DEVICE!"As other 5 star reviewers, setup was super-easy. We had it working withing 10 minutes (problems with our router -hoping to buy another one -dual band since we have so many wireless devices (we are a family of 5 with 4 smartphones, and 3 computer, game systems and now the fire tv stick)But I digress. Our tv was purchased in 2010. Its a Phillips 40" but it is not a "smart tv" It has 3 HDMI ports, and luckily there is a plug about 3 feet from the hdmi port on the side. -The stick needs additional power (make sure you use the dongle) so it must be plugged into an outlet in addition to the HDMI. For us this was NOT a problem, but if you do not have this, be aware.Now, I am a PRIME member (you just can't beat the 2 days shipping especially if you are a habitual procrastinator such as I (especially around holidays such as Christmas and Birthdays ;-) So this device was doubly nice. I did not purchase the voice remote -outrageous price (as much as the stick itself!) but I did download the Fire TV stick app for voice search, and it is good enough for me. A must have for fast setup rather than hitting over and up and down to put in network SSID and password. THE FIRST THING YOU SHOULD DO IF YOU have a smart phone is download thiss APP. We don't play games, but its nice if we decide to especially with my tech savvy 7 year old. Currently we have only used it for Netflix and Amazon. Since my kids have  tablets, we also do Flixster and I have yet to sign in to access our digital movies. (I only purchase DVDS -for the most part- that include the DIGITAL UltraViolet. LIFESAVER for long road trips!  I liked the portability option to take on vacation -Have not done this yet. Seriously thinking about purchasing 2 more for my kids tvs in their rooms.To make a long story a little shorter, lol, I have had NONE of the problems the 1 Star raters had. This has Dual-Band, and as we have been having issues with our router, I am going to be purchasing a dual band to help with this, and will update this review if needed. We have had this for 3 months, and WE LOVE IT. Thanks AMAZON!Lastly- I have a HD 7 Fire and do not have the option for mirroring, or flinging.
I do not have any pay tv services in my home. I use an OTA antenna along with Netflix, Hulu Plus, and Amazon Prime subscriptions. I have a non-smart TV in my living room and I was looking for a device that I could add to the TV to get Netflix, Hulu Plus, and Amazon Prime along with games. I have installed the Netflix, Hulu Plus and iHeartRadio apps and the Grand Theft Auto San Andreas, Despicable Me, and Asphalt 8 Airborne games. With just those 6 apps I now get a pop-up error message that my Fire TV stick is out of storage space and that I need to remove some apps. Fire TV stick is advertised as having 8Gb of storage however only 5.5Gb is usable. The error also states that I need to keep 500Mb free for system updates so really you only get 5Gb of usable space. There is also no support for any external storage device or cloud based storage for apps at all. The size of apps in the app store is also deceiving. GTA San Andreas was only listed as a 50Mb download but when you start the app it says it needs to download an additional 2.5Gb of data in order to work. It's kind of ridiculous to advertise the fact you have over 500 games available when you would be lucky to have enough space to install just two. I love the Fire TV features but I highly recommend getting Fire TV Box instead of the Stick so you can take advantage of external storage..Pros:Easy to use interface.No buffering when streaming video.I can cast my Nexus 4 and 7 (Android Lollipop 5.0) to my TV screen.Cons:Only 5Gb of usable space.No support for external storage.Voice search only searches Amazon Prime (not Netflix or Hulu)No way to filter between free and pay TV and Movies within Amazon Prime.I already owned a Fire TV box and I love it. I got this Fire TV stick free with a 3 month Sling TV subscription so the headaches I have with it do not bother me that much..
For years I have been telling people that a company having the best product on the market doesn't always mean they have a great product. It simply means their product is better than the others available but can still be a bad product because the others are even worse. It's like being Moe Howard. You're the head Stooge but you're still a Stooge nonetheless. I have no idea if Amazon Fire Stick is the best because I'm not buying Google, Apple or Roku now to compare them all but it doesn't matter anyway. What I do know is this isn't a good product. I usually go into great detail when reviewing anything but if I listed all the problems with this, I'd be writing until next week. The site and company that sells a product such as this where you use other parties' services and streams or whatever is always going to blame your ISP, the services that aren't them and throw out all kinds of other smoke screens to make it seem they have no responsibility at all in their product not coming close to doing what it says it will do. Smoke screens because they're the ones giving you this alleged magical product that will allegedly allow you to use all these apps and services at the same time saying the fact that you can't isn't their fault. How does that make any sense at all? It's like selling basketballs that assure buyers of 100% field goal percentage then blaming you not shooting 100% on the court you play on, the basket, the backboard and the strength of your opponent as if those things aren't considerations at all for the magic basketball makers when they promise you'll never miss. You would shoot 100% if it weren't for those other things. Internet and electronic companies selling you something promise you the moon at the same time acting like all the conditions and factors they know make it impossible for them to deliver on their promises exist and knowing they're misrepresenting their product. Like how your ISP promises you a speed and you never actually get that speed and then they point you to legaleze that they think makes it OK that they lied and falsely advertised their service. I tell you I'm giving you a hundred dollar bill and I give you a 95 dollars I just lied to you. This device saying you can stream services at the same time saying if you can't tough luck you already paid for it. The ISP blames the devices and services. The services blame the ISP and device. The device manufacturers blame the ISP and services. Nobody takes the blame and meanwhile no consumer comes close to getting what they paid for. It's a great scam. It's totally illegal but it's a great scam that nobody is going to put a stop to any time soon because consumers getting ripped off online is great for the economy and why both political parties turn their backs to it.
As a prime member, I picked one of these up for the $19 initial offer.  At that price, I might edge this up to 4 stars, but at it's current price I don't feel like it's a good buy.  I also have a pair of Rokus (original and Roku 3) for comparison.First of all, I was severely disappointed with the network connectivity.  Granted, I understand it's tough to squeeze a good antenna in such a small form factor, but I wasn't able to even make it through the initial setup in the room I was intending on using it.  The Roku I had been using there had no problems.  So I ended up keeping the Roku in that room and using the Fire Stick in the basement.  Even there, which puts it only about 20 feet from the access point (and it's a good quality access point), it still occasionally drops the connection.The bigger deal breaker for me though is the interface, which has a number of problems.  Navigation through the menus isn't very intuitive.  It's also not very clear what is the currently selected thing on the screen.  I pretty much exclusively use it for Netflix and Prime Video.  Netflix works fine (their interface is standard).  I find Prime Video incredibly disorganized and confusing by comparison.  In particular, let's look at how Dr Who is organized.  In Netflix, all the episodes are in sequence.  It makes it very easy to simply watch from one end to the other.  In Prime, it seems they're arranged by the DVD they were released on.  This means that the "specials" which fell between seasons, are not part of the normal viewing order.  This can lead to a lot of confusion when you start watching the next episode, and start wondering what the heck is going on, because you ended up skipping several important episodes without realizing it.I'm also very disappointed with the way Prime Video keeps trying to pry more money out of me.  That show you've been binge watching?  Oh, you caught up to the last season and want to keep watching?  Ok, that'll be $3 per episode now.  It would be one thing if they were just charging for the stuff that was current season (new enough it isn't elsewhere), but they also seem to charge for older stuff.  Stuff that I can just switch over to Netflix and watch.On the positive side, the Fire Stick is nice and portable.  (Of course it just sits plugged into my tv, so that's not really a big deal for me).  I also really like the remote.  It's small, has good range, and is easy to use.  I've also never had any problems with video quality.In the end, for the price it's listed at currently ($39), you'd be better off spending an extra $10 and getting a Roku 1.  Between the better antenna and better interface, it's worth it.
I have had the full Fire TV box since it's initial release.So far, it has been a strong performer, and I couldn't be more happy.I've used it wirelessly for many months, without issues.Recently, I purchased the Fire TV Stick for an extra TV in my home.Since the extra TV was very close to my router,I moved my Fire TV box over there, to take advantage of the wired Ethernet connection.I installed the new Fire TV Stick on my big screen TV in the living room,approximately 25 feet away from the router.From a line-of-sight standpoint, there is a single wall, and a closet door in between.The Fire TV Stick seems to handle most of the standard-def applications just fine.Watching standard def on Netflix and other apps streamed smoothly,with no noticeable interruptions.However, it fails miserably watching high-def via the HBO GO app, Prime Video, and Netflix.With HBO GO, The picture quality is adequate,but it is plagued by buffer, after buffer, after buffer.It would pause as frequently as every 15-20 seconds during play,making it totally unwatchable.For Prime video/HD and Netflix/HD, there were no buffering issues,but the picture quality was poor -- watery distortion in many scenes.Overall, I'd consider the picture quality poor.For testing, I immediately unplugged the stick, and re-installedthe full Fire TV box in it's place, in the same location.I ran HBO GO in high-def for about 10 minutes, without a single buffering issue.I then turned it off, and re-installed the stick,and it was back to buffering again.Re-orienting the stick, and extending it away from the TV made no apparent difference.I even went to far as to extend it a full 5 feet closer to the router, with no effect.Changing the position of the antennae on the router made no apparent difference either.I moved the stick to the TV that is only a few feet away from the router,and that seemed to clear up all of the buffering issues.Note:  WiFi status on both the Fire TV box, and the Fire TV Stickat this location both showed up as "Very Good" during testing.My conclusion is that the WiFi on the Fire TV Stickis somehow inferior to the WiFi on the Fire TV box.If distance is a factor for you, I recommend the box, over the stick.
I bought the Fire Stick together with the Fire TV box.  The big box was for the house and the stick, hopefully, would be for traveling.  Recently, we took a week-long trip with one of our grandchildren and I decided to give the Fire stick a try over the hotel Internet.  Fortunately, the hotel TV had an open HDMI port, which I was able to access without any problem.  Initial set up took a little time for the stick to download and install software updates, but that went smoothly.  I had no trouble connecting with the hotel WiFi and throughout speeds were good.  The Stik worked just as advertised, high resolution, fast response, not a single hiccup.  I also downloaded the free companion remote app on both my android phone and iPad.  For some reason, the Apple app couldn't find and connect with the Fire Stick so I can't speak to its functioning, but the Android phone app immediately found and connected with it.  Be aware that the app will query the Fire stick and give you a security code on the TV to enter before connecting to handshake with your device and ensure that your next door neighbor isn't using his remote app to hijack your programming.  The remote app was fantastic!  I found it easier to use than the included remote and it has the full voice search capability that the stick remote doesn't.  I use the voice search all the time with my Fire TV remote and really appreciated that capability on the Fire stick app.  I also noted that the app will work on both the Fire Stick and Fire TV and will search for any Fire devices broadcasting and allow you to select which one you want to connect with for that session, making it pretty much a universal remote for either of the devices.  The only uncomfortable thing about the stick is that it requires AC power to operate, unlike some other streaming devices that are powered directly from the TV's HDMI port.  That wasn't a deal breaker for me, more of a minor inconvenience.  In the future, I plan to side load some additional software on the stick to give me access to additional programming.  All in all, I highly recommend the Fire Stick, especially if you are a Prime member and tend to default to Amazon streaming.
I can't compair this to other stick streamers because this is my first one. I also can't compare it to my other devices I use to stream because they are a ps4 and Xbox one so it wouldn't be fair. With that said I wilI tell you my experience with it. I have used this almost every night since I have had it. I originally bought this to replace a blue ray player that was not up to the task of steaming any longer. The stick it self is pretty small so which I think is cool. Though it doesn't stay cool it gets pretty warm when in use but I haven't had issues as of yet. Build qauilty is OK not great but its not shoddy. I compared the Roku and other devices online before I purchased and I feel for the price this was the best one for my needs. Plus this had more to offer in terms of specs compared to the roku stick.  I was honestly surprised how snappy the UI feels. for the size of the device I kind of expected it to have more of a lag on input commands but it is actually really a really smooth experance which is a huge bonus. Apps work great like hulu, Netflix and the YouTube app. The YouTube app is where I took a star away. It runs fine normally I connect a device like a tablet or phone and do a little multi tasking it os great but it sometimes freezes up. Now it doesn't happen often only a couple times. I kind of learned to feel what I can and can't do so it won't  freeze up on me. Other then that it streams YouTube runs fine it doesn't buffer all the time or anything strange besides the multi tasking I was doing. Like going back and fourth  kind of aggressively through the videos I qued which is why it froze. Now the last thing I did was cast my phone just to test it out. First you cannot cast say a emulator with a SNES game...well you can but it won't be enjoyable. Not a deal breaker I didn't plan on it mostly just seeing what that little dual core can do. Its fine if you want to throw a picture on the screen from your phone/tablet to show your family  or freinds I guess? Not sure if that's every ones scenario just saying. Its not the smoothest when it comes to casting your device but I personally didn't count that towards my expectations of the device when I  made the purchase. It is able to cast just not as fluid as the rest of the sticks functions feel. I fully recommend this device if you are looking for something for a bedroom or as a travel streamer. If you where to use it in your living room it would be OK too but I would personaly op for the more premium device with higher specs like the fire box or one of the current consoles even one of the last gen consoles they would all be excellent. The stick does a good job for what it is and I really enjoy it. In the  future I can see myself picking up the fire TV box now :)
I've had this for quite a while, and thought it was great initially, once we got a splitter with a longer cable to allow it to share the TV's HDMI port with our DVD player, but have all but given up trying to stream Netflix movies with it; the last three times we've tried this week - both in the evening AND mid afternoon -  it kept buffering and buffering (the last 10 minutes of the movie the other night took more than a half hour to get through with all the stoppages). Completely unacceptable performance. Oddly enough, Amazon Prime movies seem to play just fine through it though (file THAT one under "things that make you go 'hmmmm'", that Amazon things play fine through it, but that their direct streaming competition is all but  unwatchable.) And it's NOT Netflix's issue, we unplugged the Stick and hooked our Roku box back up and streamed a Netflix movie that way tonight. Not a single buffering issue the entire movie.Another issue I have with it, and this is for ALL the apps and movies on the Stick. The menus and movie descriptions are in WAY too small of a font. I'm sure the text probably looks fine on a larger tv, but for those of us with smaller TVs (for reference, ours is a 32 inch), you actually have to get up from the couch and stand about 2 feet away from the TV to read the thing. Something that was made that much clearer tonight when we switched back over to our Roku box and could actually easily READ the movie descriptions on the screen from the couch.Also not pleased with the fact that the Stick makes it hard to read the end credits in movies. Don't care for the way it shrinks them down to pull up the next movie in the queue, then actually cuts off the credits and starts the next movie before the credits are finished. Also something made that much clearer tonight, when watching with the Roku, we got to watch the entire end credits (most on Fast Forward to get to the end quicker) to get to the epilogue that was hidden at the end. Honestly not sure if that's a Netflix app issue or if the Prime movies do that too, but thought I'd mention it.A few GOOD things about it that keep me from giving it less stars than I did: It DOES allow me to watch Prime movies on our HD tv upstairs, which until I bought it, had to either do via my PC or my Kindle. So that's a big plus. And because it's connected to my Amazon account, it makes it easy to view all the photos and movies and listen to the music that get stored on my cloud drive right there on the TV as well, so that's a neat feature. AND the fact that I got in on the introductory pricing of $19.99 when I bought it, even though it's got all the issues I listed above, I didn't pay all that much for it. ALWAYS a plus.So while the Fire Stick is definitely a convenient way to stream media to your TV, it's not without its issues. And for me, not being able to stream Netflix from it when they promote that so highly is a real pain. Fortunately we didn't get rid of the Roku when we bought the Fire Stick, so was able to use that when the Amazon stick failed us in that regard this week.
I own a Roku3, an AppleTV, and a FireTV Stick. Each has their advantages.FireTV Stick:IMO the best feature on this product is its support for captive portal login and authentication.A Captive Portal is a WiFi login page that usually requires a web browser and something like your room number and your last name at the time you connect to that WiFi (at your hotel room, for example).  When you connect to wifi, FireTV automatically provides a browser that you can navigate with the arrows on your remote.  And you can enter the required info using an on screen keyboard. This is really something different from simply connecting to your home wifi using username and password. I used this FireTV feature at a hotel the first weekend I owned the device and it worked perfectly.Neither Roku nor the Apple TV will do this (except with some fancy router trickery, such as MAC address spoofing).  If you're planning to use your streaming device in hotels, the FireTV Stick or FireTV are pretty much your only choices.  The captive portal is so valuable and unique that I felt compelled to give FireTV five stars despite some other negatives. (Note however, that despite this great feature, some hotels just do not have sufficient wifi bandwidth to support video streaming.  This can be tested by streaming video via wifi using your notebook or tablet.)  Another unique FireTV plus is the completely automated connection to your amazon account during setup, assuming you purchased FireTV by use of your account on the Amazon web site. Amazon has registered the device ID with your amazon username at the time of purchase or shipping, so you don't need to type your username or amazon password during FireTV setup. Impressively quick setup.If you're planning on always leaving your media streamer set up and at home, I'd probably recommend either the Roku or (for apple users) The Apple TV .  My  complaints on the fireTV are a channel selection much more limited than Roku's,  an interface that clearly favors a single content supplier (Amazon), requiring more clicks when accessing other channels such as Netflix, and a lack of Roku's universal search.Roku3:Roku has, by far, the best channel selection, a better interface than FireTV, IMO, and an excellent UNIVERSAL search, now controllable by voice.  Roku's interface is, in my experience, the most enjoyable to use.AppleTV:Airplay streaming from ANY apple device is, of course, a big win for iphone, ipad, and Mac owners, like myself.  In my experience Apple's airplay works very well and is very easy to use for any content from any apple device, even for guests in my home.  I personally prefer Apple's interface over FIreTV's, but it's close.  Another plus for AppleTV is that it's the only device which will buffer an entire movie or TV show, even with rentals.  AppleTV DOES NOT DELAY the start of a movie in order to fill the buffer (it fills as you're watching), but once your buffer is full (which is very fast, and nicely shown), you can be sure you will not be interrupted by subsequent internet traffic.  Full buffering only happens with iTunes video, but unfortunately not with third party apps like netflix.  On the downside, like FireTV,  Apple's channel selection is more limited than Roku's.
Let me start off with the fact that I'm a software developer, and probably a little more tech savvy than most. I'm also a longtime prime member who makes a majority of their purchases from amazon.com.Initial SetupSetting up the device is very intuitive. Most people shouldn't have any trouble getting it connected to the TV, power, and WiFi.If you buy the device from Amazon, it comes linked to your prime account, so you don't have to worry about logging into your Amazon account.You do have to download and log in to other apps, such as Netflix, Sling, Hulu, etc.It shouldn't take more than 5 minutes or so to be up and running, especially since you now have the ability to skip the tutorial video. (Thanks for this feature Amazon)Using the DeviceI found that the main menu is overly cluttered with Amazon services. The are around 5 different menu options for watching Amazon Instant Video. It also has shortcuts for Prime Music, and Photos. You two ways to get to any third party apps, either recent or apps. Disabling certain things, like music or photos, in the parental controls doesn't remove them from the menu. There's still a placeholder there so you can click on it and enter your pin. Amazon apparently doesn't realize that prime members use other services, in my case more heavily, than amazon instant video. Amazon's attempt to pigeonhole users into Amazon services on the Fire TV doesn't sit well with me, and it takes away from the usability of services on what could be a fantastic device. However, if you only use Amazon's services, the menu might be perfect for you.RemoteUnlike the Fire TV box, the Fire TV stick doesn't come with a voice search remote. You can purchase one for it. I'm not big into voice search so this didn't bother me at all. The remote that is included works well, if you are within range. The remote is Bluetooth so it's maximum range is about 30 feet. If you have a giant living room, or have a media cabinet away from your seating area like I do, this poses a problem. I knew this limitation going in and it did not affect my rating, but did try to put the stick in my media cabinet which is at the edge of the Bluetooth range and found it to be completely unusable. The remote was very unresponsive, and would sometimes act like a button was held down when it did respond. The range is worse than that of my Xbox controller, which works(although with occasional disconnects) with the Xbox from the same distance.Parental ControlsYou can pin protect purchases, amazon instant video, music, apps, and photos. Unfortunately the pin protection is all or nothing. You cannot pin protect or hide anything by content rating. The only thing I found at all useful was the pin protection of purchases, which pin protected the free YouTube app for some reason. So when the kids ask you for your amazon pin, you'll have to apologize for yelling at them for trying to buy apps when you find out they were indeed free.At this price point, you'd think that Amazon would have the foresight that parents would get this for children to use. Unfortunately, they completely missed the mark on the parental controls. I understand that they are trying to force parents into the monthly subscription fee for Free Time. However, Free Time isn't even available on this device. Even if it was, I couldn't see paying for it when parental controls are built into Amazon Instant Video for other devices.For those of you not familiar with the Amazon Instant Video parental controls, it allows you to pin protect purchases and content by rating, and choose which of your devices you want to apply the settings to. Curiously, you cannot apply the settings to the Xbox or Amazon Fire TV Devices. The parental controls are managed at https://www.amazon.com/gp/video/settings. I didn't know about the settings until I called customer service about the Fire TV box a year and a half ago and they directed me there to set up the parental controls for it. Of course it didn't work and I returned the Fire TV box because of it. Since the Fire TV stick wasn't explicitly mentioned as excluded, and Free Time is not available on it, I thought I would be able to manage the restrictions by content rating there, but I was incorrect.I admit that, as the consumer, not doing the research is my fault. Even if I can't return the Fire TV sticks, I'll eat the cost and go with alternative devices(any other streaming media player) that respect Amazon's parental controls.Other than the parental controls the device is great. However, if I were to get a streaming device for myself, I wouldn't be looking for a cheap device. I find it hard to believe that others aren't also buying this for their kids.Any features not mentioned are because I did not use them.If I were to ignore the parental controls issue, the device would get a 3-4 rating. It's really a fantastic little piece of hardware, but the amazon bloated user interface really turns it into an amazon streaming device that can stream other media rather than a media streaming device.
To give this review some context, I'm also a long-time user of the original "full sized" Fire TV, which I bought on the day of release. It's in constant use, so much so that we decided to buy this Fire TV Stick for the TV in the kitchen. I think they both have different strengths and weaknesses. I hope this review will help you choose between the two versions.## What do you need to make it work? ##You need a decent WiFi signal in the location you intend to use the TV, and preferably an unlimited data package (otherwise, video streaming will burn through your data allowance in no time).Your TV must have an HDMI port. [Edit 29/4/15: you can even use a computer monitor if it has speakers and an HDMI port that supports HDCP (HD Content Protection). Pretty much every TV made since 2003 will have this, but many monitors do not].The device works best if you have an Amazon Prime subscription, which is an extra £79/year. This is required to access the large library of free movies and TV shows (movie rentals are £3.49 each for non-members). You can install Apps for Netflix, BBC iPlayer, and other purveyors of fine video content, but really, all the emphasis is on Amazon's content, and the majority of the home screen is devoted to showcasing their latest movies & shows. You won't get the best out of this thing unless you're a Prime subscriber.## Setup ##The Fire TV Stick is tiny, and can be hidden behind a TV in seconds. Yes, you can buy a mount that holds the bigger model, but the Stick is a much cleaner solution. A short HDMI extension cable is included, which is handy if your TV has awkwardly-positioned ports. Power is supplied by a small USB wall adapter. My TV has a USB port, but it doesn't supply enough power for the Stick.Setup is easy. Your Amazon account details are already programmed into the device (they're easy to change, though). All you have to do is enter your WiFi password, using a simple on-screen prompt. There's no need to go hunting for obscure settings. After a short introductory video, everything is ready to go. The interface is a piece of cake. There is a list down the left side of the screen, allowing you to select Movies, TV Shows, Apps, Music or Photos. The music tab allows you to play anything you have bought from the Amazon mp3 store (including the mp3s you get with AutoRip CDs). The Photos tab allows you to view any images you have uploaded to Amazon Cloud driveVideo quality is excellent. When I stream Amazon Instant video from my laptop, there is an annoying buffering period. The Fire TV Stick pre-loads shows as you browse the description (this is what is meant by the so-called "ASAP" technology). The result is that videos start playing almost *instantly*.## Remote control ##The supplied remote is great. It connects by Bluetooth which is much, much faster than an Infra-red remote, and it doesn't matter which direction you point it. It comes already paired to the stick, so again, no setup is necessary.It doesn't have the speech recognition feature of its larger sibling. Should you buy the optional Voice Remote? I would say no. Voice search is undoubtedly a cool feature when you first use it, but as a long-term owner of the "big" Fire TV, I rarely use it, for a number of reasons. Firstly, I don't often need to search, as the home screen is well organised, and puts all the popular content and recent additions front and centre. Secondly, 9 out of 10 times, the voice search leads to paid content (rather than "free with Prime"). Thirdly, and most importantly, voice search doesn't work within third-party apps.Besides, if you're going to spend £25 on a remote, you might as well get the full-sized Fire TV for just a little extra. Alternatively, you can get the feature for free by downloading the "Fire TV Remote" app for iPhone or Android.## Portability ##For me, the key feature of the Stick is that it's more portable than its big brother. If you think portability isn't important, then you have never spent a rainy bank holiday at the in-laws' with 2 kids.You just need access to WiFi, enter the password, and you're off. It even worked when connected to my phone's "mobile hotspot" mode. I was not able to log into our local public WiFi ("The Cloud"), though.## Apps ##The built-in App Store has hundreds of Apps that can be downloaded directly. Most are free, such as YouTube or Vimeo, but there are two paid apps in particular that are worth the money:Plex (Free, with optional in-app purchases) is an app that can stream media from your computer hard drive. It requires the installation of a free "server" app on your PC or Mac. This is an easy job that only needs to be performed once. It's very useful if you already have a large media collection.Secondly, Apple users who have imported a lot of non-DRM video will want to check out the £1.78 AirReceiver app. This enables the Fire TV Stick to act as an AirPlay device, to stream music or video from iTunes/iPhone etc. The quality is just as good as my Apple TV. Might be helpful to know this if you are trying to decide between the two devices. Note that this will only work with video you have imported to iTunes yourself - protected files from the iTunes video store don't work.## What's missing? ##There aren't many features that you'll miss versus the full-size Fire TV, but depending on your circumstances they might be important:Voice searchAs mentioned above, you need to purchase an additional remote, or use a smartphone app, if you want this feature.No wired ethernet connectionIf you have a poor WiFi signal, you may need or prefer a wired connection. An easy way to test is to take your smartphone or laptop to the exact location you want to use the Fire TV Stick. If you have only 1 or 2 bars of WiFi signal, this might be an issue for you.No optical audio outputIf you have a fancy home audio system that can accept an optical input, you may want the full-sized box to get the full Dolby Digital experience. Of course, many modern AV receivers are able to decode the Dolby Digital signal via HDMI anyway. Also, if you're using your TV's speakers, this won't matter.Processor speed and memoryI have been using the full-sized Fire TV on a since last year. I honestly didn't notice any difference in performance until I directly compared both devices in the same room; the Stick is a little slower to update menus, sure, but it's still orders of magnitude more responsive than the menus on my TV or Humax DVR. Processor speed is only going to be an issue if you play a lot of games (and, really, if you're a serious gamer, wouldn't you use a console anyway?).## Recommendation ##The omissions mentioned above will be irrelevant to the majority of people. If you have terrible WiFi connectivity, want voice search, optical audio, or plan to play graphics-intensive games, you should look at the "big" Fire TV. For everyone else, the Fire TV stick is a good buy.## FAQs ##Q: Does the Fire TV Stick display subtitles?A: Yes, but this depends on the video actually having subtitle support. A lot of older content on Prime Instant Video doesn't support subs. They are getting better at this - around 60% of new releases have subtitles available.Q: Can I use it outside the UK?A: You can run apps and games anywhere, but in order to access Amazon Instant Video movies and TV shows, you must be physically present in the UK and have a UK billing address.Q: Can you play Prime Video content on 2 devices at the same time?A: Yes, provided you have fast enough broadband, you can use multiple Fire devices at once in different rooms.PS: I hope you find this review helpful. If not, please leave a comment so I can address any queries, errors or omissions.
This has been the most disappointing purchase and customer service interaction with Amazon I have ever had. I could not get a stable, quality wireless connection with it. I tried every trick and tip I could find thru Amazon before making voice contact. I was asked how far away it was from the router and I said between 25 and 30 feet and was told they recommend a maximum of 15 feet. Nowhere in the product information online or in the packaging can I find any such recommendation, and if I had, I never would have purchased it. While the customer service representative was on the phone he asked me to play a video (we did several times) and he told me he could see that I was only getting 1/2mbps connection speed and had a bad internet connection. I explained that my connection speed routinely runs 15-27mbps and the slow rate was because of the Fire TV Stick not being able to make a good connection to the network. (So, at best the Stick could only connect at 4% of my normal speed.) I routinely stream HD programming to multiple devices in the house without problem. I can set my laptop, tablet and phone at the same location as the Fire TV Stick and they connect at high speeds, running flawlessly streaming HD and not dropping connections. The representative acted disbelieving and condescending and I ended up talking to his supervisor. I am returning the product and at this time am not even willing to try a Fire TV box. There is no excuse for Amazon to have released a device this crude in connection ability. The rep blamed it in part on the fact that the Stick is so close to the TV, even with the extender cable provided. It's an adapter intended to be right at the TV!!! It is a pity, good concept, decent user interface, just terrible execution to the point of being worthless for me.
My main reason for buying the Amazon Fire TV Stick was to have ability to watch movies from Amazon Prime Video with closed captioning (CC).My primary TV is a high end Sony but since it is a 2012 model, it did not allow CC with Amazon. I also subscribe to some premium cable channels and Netflix which does have CC in this TV. I always watch movies with the CC turned on. I have no hearing impairments but with some movies being released lately, it is very hard to understand the dialogue, sometimes due to loud background music, sound effects or British and Australian accents, etc. I have even seen some movies with a telephone conversation where only one side of the audio was reproduced but the CC showed both sides. I realized I was missing out on watching many movies that were available on Amazon and not on Netflix just because of this inability of CC.I couldn't be more satisfied with the Fire Stick. I find the loading of the video for both Amazon and Netflix is faster. I find the clarity of the picture is better on the Fire Stick than the applications in my TV even though my video settings are the same. The Fire TV application I downloaded to my smartphone is fantastic. A voice search of a movie title will bring it right up on the TV screen and one click on the remote takes you to the video service that has the movie. No need to type in titles!I could go on forever about all the positive points of the Fire Stick but I would only be repeating other reviews. So far I cannot find any negatives. I am totally satisfied with the Fire TV Stick and suspect that some of the negative reviews are only due to another problem, such as, low internet speed, modem or router problems or the users' lack of knowledge in dealing with their problem.
I had been considering a streaming stick for some time and while I didn't do a ton of research the research I did and the fact that I was already an Amazon prime user steered me to this product.  The other factors in my decision were the reviews, the lauded user interface and the available catalog of titles, services and apps.  I had some initial problems with setup (the instructions seem to be deliberately simplistic to emphasize the simplicity but I could have used more guidance.  I wanted to plug it into the my AV receiver [Denon AVR-591] and couldn't get the setup screen to appear after many cyclings thru my HDMI ports and trying and retrying various ports.  It turned out to be user error as I had the HDMI ports setup incorrectly on the receiver so that's on me.  But I still feel it would have gone faster if there was better guidance given for setup (I wasn't sure what to expect and wasn't sure if was missing a step so flailed a bit more than necessary).  Additionally Amazon and Google searches were fruitless and the only info I could find seemed to suggest the stick was not supported for AV receiver connections which, if true, would be pretty annoying.On the plus side once I fixed the HDMI port configuration issue the setup was extremely easy and I was very pleased to see that the device was "pre-registered" to my account so I didn't have to fumble thru forms and passwords to get it up and going.  Overall I am extremely pleased now.Pros---------* Setup was easy and fast once I got past the initial hurdle.* The interface is truly a delight.  Elegant, simple and intuitive.  I have Xfinity's X1 service and have been impressed with the work they did on that interface, but overall I'd rate the Fire Stick's interface superior.* Since I don't have experience with other streaming services I don't have a  point of reference but I am overwhelmed with the depth and breadth of streaming choices. If I retired tomorrow and spent the rest of my years making viewing selections I am pretty sure I'd barely make a dent in the available list of stuff I'd enjoy watching.  Also nice that there are quite a few choices here that seem to be exclusive to Amazon offerings.* Even with a short time using the services the recommendations algorithm is clearly better than what X1 offers (for example X1 still recommends reality programming to me, even thought I've never - and likely never will - watched reality programming).Cons---------* It's nice that the setup is so simple that it only requires a few numbered steps, but every situation is unique and there should be more in depth instructions readily available if you get stuck like I did.* But here is the biggest negative of all: when I first tried navigating the menus and streaming content it was constantly dropping the WiFi signal and or buffering or just refusing to play.  I have the best residential broadband service Comcast offers "Extreme 150" and a top of the line WiFi router that is only a hallway away from the TV, I frequently stream HBO Go and Showtime Anytime to my iPad in the same location without any issues whatsoever.  But with the Fire Stick I was only able to get acceptable performance late at night (I even turned off all other devices that might be sucking bandwidth with no improvement).  I decided to buy a WiFi extender for the living room and that seems to have solved the problem but that should not have been needed and I can't understand why this is the only device I have that wouldn't work in that location (laptop, smartphone and iPad get superb bandwidth ratings in the same location).  It'd be nice if the Fire Stick offered a diagnostic/speedtest to help evaluate issues like this but I couldn't find anything of that nature.  I'd be interested to hear if others are encountering this issue but it was a huge negative for me and I almost returned it before trying the extender.  The extender was pretty cheap so I am not too upset about that but others might be as a forgiving if they run into this issue.* Although I like the UI I frequently find it unexpectedly returns to me the home menu instead of the location I had navigated to.  Can be frustrating when trying to browse deeper into the offerings ...* The remote is well designed and has only the required and desired functions but it is not backlit and it is very hard to see the buttons in low light.  I'd have liked some kind of lighting or even just more tactile cues to tell me which button I am on.Even with the bandwidth issue and the niggles with navigating with the remote I am happy with this purchase and would recommend this device to friends and family, hence the 5-star rating.
Seen the $19 Fire Stick promo in October and wanted to give it a try.  Was very pleased when I initially set it up and I still adore it.  Liked it so much, that I gave them out as Christmas presents too!  I know the Fire Stick comes with games, but I am not much of a "gamer" so my review/rating is strictly in regards to the "TV watching" aspect.I have both the Amazon fire stick and the Roku stick (one hooked up to the living room and the other to the bedroom TVs).  Both are easy to set up and come with remotes.  You can also download the apps for both devices and make your iPad and iPhone a remote which comes in pretty handy.  As far as the user interface layout goes I favor the Roku.  The Fire Stick is Amazon brand so the home screen is mainly geared towards Amazon/Prime.  With the Roku, your are able to strategically place your apps anywhere you want on the home screen.  With that being said, both are pretty easy to use and navigate through. The other feature I favor on the Roku is the search feature that pulls up movies/tv series and instantly shows you if its included in one of your subscriptions (i.e. Netflix, Hulu or Amazon Prime) or how much it costs to rent/buy.  With the Fire stick it brings you first to Amazon then you would have to click on the bottom "more options" button to take you to the screen that shows you if its included in any other of your subscriptions.In regards to App options, Roku has more than the Fire.  With that being said, in my opinion, the Fire has more than enought apps than you need.  Both have major apps like Netflix, Hulu, Amazon, ESPN, NFL etc.  The biggest downfall for the Roku is that it doesn't offer the PLUTO app and the Fire does.  The PLUTO is great having multiple channels in the app itself.  The biggest downfall for the Fire is that it doesn't have the TIME WARNER app, so I am unable to use my cable Time Warner subscription that comes on the Roku.With the Fire stick or Roku you could save money by paying for the Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon Prime subscriptions and cancel your cable.  I honestly wanted to cancel my cable subscription since I barely use it, but my boyfriend insisted on keeping it so he could watch football (understandable).Price wise, I believe the Roku Stick is around $50 while the Fire Stick is about $40.  You can definitely get them cheaper, just got to keep your eyes peeled for the sales.  I believe I paid $25 for the Fire Stick and $35 for the Roku Stick around Christmas.Both are great products! Just some user preferences that sets them apart...but if I had to pick one based on the overall product and price, it would be the Amazon Fire Stick.  Can't beat the $19 price for the product you get.
Just got the stick today and I'll tell you one thing, I have a greater appreciation for my 4 year old Roku2 HD that came free as a promotion from my old ISP. I originally connected the stick to my Samsung 32" tv to see if I needed the extension, it couldn't even find my wifi network (the router is about 30 feet away). I moved the router slightly closer and higher and it found it and connected but kept dropping the signal. Decided to try the dinky HDMI extender... what a useless piece this is. I don't know about your TV but all this little extender did was make the stick dangle awkwardly behind the TV. It might have been useful if it had some length to it.I honestly don't know where companies are getting their WiFi cards anymore. I returned a smart TV because it couldn't connect to a WiFi router 15 feet away and was told by support that this was "normal." When the technology is marketed as a WiFi device, maybe make sure the WiFi is not complete garbage. I have an $85 dollar ZTE smart phone on Virgin Mobile that stays connected to the WiFi anywhere in the house and even to the end of the driveway which is is on the opposite side of the house from the router. I don't expect that since it has a mobile data connection, it should not outperform a device that is only useful if the WiFi works.I moved the stick to a small TV in the spare bedroom where the router is and it seems to be working okay though it is very slow as other reviewers have mentioned. The search function is horrible and navigation is pretty bad too though a lot of that is because the NetFlix App is pretty terrible. Once I get something up though, the picture is pretty good except on old shows like the first few seasons of Scrubs. I really don't expect the quality to be great there. The stick did stream Sons of Anarchy in a pretty good quality but this is on a 24" 1080p Hannspree TV so not a real stretch.The only reason I gave this 2 stars and not one is that now that I pretty much have it duct taped to the WiFi hotspot, it seems to be functioning pretty well for a $40 piece of equipment. I'm disappointed because my Roku 2 (an upgraded version of which is available for $66 on amazon) is running circles around this thing. I took the Roku, which was in the bedroom where the stick is now, and connected it to the Samsung TV and without missing a beat it connected to the WiFi and is streaming HD (only 720p sure) where the stick failed. The most frustrating part is that the stick showed "good" signal strength while dropping out every 30 seconds on the Samsung.Overall I'm very disappointed in Amazon's product. Maybe the $99 quad core full Fire TV box is better equipped but I'd be hesitant to even try it given the experience with the stick. Honestly you're better off buying an off lease desktop (you can find them for <$100) with a core 2 duo and using that for your media hub than bothering with these little stand alones. No limit on the content either. Hulu limits what I can stream on a Roku or fire stick but a computer is fully unrestricted and if you know what you're doing (optimizing old tech), a much better option than something you can't optimize.
I stay in a lot of hotels for work and leisure and after a work dinner listening to some blowhard in love with the sound of their voice, I want to unwind and watch something.  At home I use Netflix, Hulu, Xfinity On Demand and DVR where I can access a broad variety of shows on my schedule on a big screen.  In a hotel I can watch most of the same stuff easily on my relatively tiny laptop or tablet screen while the room’s 40-inch TV offers programs that either cost money or started 10 minutes ago and don’t have a pause button.  I can sometimes connect a cable from my laptop to the TV, but it needs to support either the VGA or HDMI cable that I have.  But mostly I can’t tolerate having to get my butt of the bed or couch without a remote.  I tried a few MiraCast adapters, which are basically cable replacements, but the video streaming was jerky and laggy.  So the advent of streaming sticks seemed to be perfect for me until I found out that my Chromecast and Roku can’t get past the hotel’s Wi-Fi validation screen.  I don’t know about AppleTV, but I’m not part of that ecosystem.  Then a few months ago the Amazon Fire TV Stick got a firmware upgrade that added a browser that gave it the ability to fill in the hotel’s web page to access their Wi-Fi and hallelujah, everything works the way I want it to and I can access everything I can at home except my DVR.  It also does MiraCast which lets me add a second screen to my laptop just like I do at home.Five Stars, I can’t recommend this product highly enough.  And did I mention that I got it for $20 with their introductory offer.  That’s half the other products’ price.  I wish I had bought the limit of 5 in hindsight.  I assume the others will add this feature (heck Chromecast begins with Chrome) but I’ll still stay with AmazonThere is still the problem of hotel Wi-Fi being slow, but that’s not something any stick can solve.  And finally I want to dig at Comcast for not supporting HBOGo.  Not relevant to this product, but it’s one of my many first world technology annoyances.
I purchased one of these as part of that initial deal Amazon when they first released them and a second at Best Buy on a Black Friday deal.  We were very excited to get the units and have had them both since December.  We cut cable several years ago and have been using one Roku 3 since that time that we love, but as we have additional TV's we thought this would be a cheaper alternative to buying more Roku devices.There are multiple problems we have had with the Fire TV Stick units. First, the interface is terrible, it is built around Amazon Prime although you can use other apps.  Rather than just having all the apps listed on the main screen with an ability to order them as you want, you have an always changing initial menu, and have to go through other menus to get to your full list.  We have Amazon Prime, so it was slightly less irritating, but for someone who does not, it would be a mess.Second problem, and the deal breaker for us that caused us to actually give one of the units away is that these things have to be almost in the same room as the wifi router to get a consistent signal.  I was so committed to making it work in one of the rooms, that I actually purchased a wifi router with better signal output and external antennas and still got very inconsistent connections on the one device that at the end of the house (as a side note, not one other device we have: iPads, Roku, iPhones, etc has trouble connecting in that room).  I contacted Amazon support about this issue and they wanted me to just factory reset the device to fix it (something I had already done).Third problem: multiple crashes requiring me to go unplug the device to hard reset, I probably have 1 crash every 6 months with the Roku, but with the Fire Stick I was having a crash about every other time using the device.My suggestion is to not get this device unless you are okay with an Amazon Prime focused system (even if you don't have Amazon Prime), and only get the device if you are planning on using it close to your router.
I ordered my Fire TV stick back in early january before they were released. I don't watch much on the TV so this seemed to offer adequate access to content for my needs. The price and form factor  sold this form me. Even if it did not work great, i could not beat $39.I plugged this in once received and use it mainly for Amazon Prime, Netflix and Hulu. I have no complaints with the UI. Typing searches or configuring WiFi is a colossal pain given the lack of a keyboard. Fortunately the wifi setup is mostly a one time thing. I use very good complex passwords for my accounts so setup took a good two hours for everything. For searching, voiceinput would functionally be better. Mainly I brose by clicking around and the remote works just fine for that.So why did I only give it three stars?Netflix streams pretty well. Hulu flat sux though. Lots of times I only get audio. Video often cuts out. For months I though my internet was slow or my software out of date. I redownloaded the app and also ensure the stick was updated too. I even set it back to factury defaults and spent two more hours on setup again. No improvement. I gave up thinking it was my internet. Last week, i gave my iPad a try for hulu and netflix. That worked far better. No issues ever. I was using the same wifi.Today I went and got an AppleTV and plugged that into my stereo receiver and played some content on my TV. HUlu, netflix, zero problems playing. So yes it cost twice as much by it worked.So overall I like the fireTV stick concept. The price is great. I think it was easier to setup that the Apple TV was but that really was a slim difference. Both were extremely similiar in time and complexity. ATV has more features and more setup work to integrate into my personal apple ecosystem. But the ability to play the content it was intended to fell short. And that really was the bottom line. Perhaps an update to software will change this in the future. Probably a moot point though. The AppleTV will get all the use now until the fire tv stick offers something the appletv does not.
If it is an Amazon approved app it will run okay, but running 3rd party apps will have you jumping through hoops. The Amazon Fire stick stalls a lot. We have a 110 Mbps cable connection so I know that internet speed is not the issue here. The remote that came with the Fire stick is complete ((GARBAGE)). Everything that you click on will register several clicks per one click of the remote. This at one point even caused an unwanted app purchase. Trying to search using the on screen typing with this remote was impossible because it inputs several clicks for every one click of the remote. I tried to remove batteries and even tried reconnecting the Bluetooth. The remote lost connection or would get stuck constantly and keep selecting things without even touching it. I took the batteries out and disconnected it from the Bluetooth. I then got the remote app for my I-phone and the Fire stick works much better, but it still stalls regularly. If you have a Amazon Prime account, which we do then I would say this is an okay device. I decided to explore 3rd party apps and how to install them due to lack of performance and the lack of third party supported apps. You can push 3rd party apps to the Fire stick using your computer once you establish a wireless connection and locate the ip address on your local network. Wish it allowed internet browsing and the ability to check email. There are many things that the Fire stick will do if you take the time to learn about third party apps and how to install them, but that is up to your discretion. The Fire stick is pretty lame unless you have a Amazon Prime account. The regularly sluggish lack luster performance will have you looking at other brands. The picture was good and sound quality okay, but nothing like having cable or satellite.
Cons:- Personally, I don't like the display or the flow of things once it is on.- Too many tabs up and down, right and everywhere!- My remote control is not working properly: the right navigator gets stuck. >=/- Is it just me or is the resolution different from and a bit inferior to the Apple TV?- I don't want to have any Prime membership, so I think that all Amazon Instant Video options are a waste of space and time. Are there no free movies to watch on Amazon's platform??? If so, I just don't know how or where they are.-  Just 1GB of storage!? Really?! For a device that allows you to download apps?? It's a joke! I didn't think much about it when I purchased it because I'm not that interested in games, but for those who do I guess 1GB is going to be insufficient at some point.Pros:- The only thing I appreciate is that I can watch videos on YouTube since my Apple TV has removed that service. Basically, that's the main reason I bought this device. I found two YouTube apps that work very well and one Vevo app.- Also, there are different channels and I feel there is more variety (I think).  I found an app with lots of foreign, specially Korean, films... Which is different and I like the option - even if the films are not the best.- I like its size, too. It's quite convenient and easy to transport and take anywhere you need to.- I'm not much of a gamer, but it gives the chance to download games and play over there. At least a couple of nice games.- I think $40 is not too expensive. Quite affordable. Based on what I've got and have free access to as a non Amazon Prime member, but Netflix customer, $40 is ok.
Overall the Fire TV Stick is a much better product compared to the Chromecast (I own both), but this product page has a bit of false advertising going on.To start with, Youtube on the Fire stick is nothing more than fantasy. You'll notice there's a small Youtube.com icon under "Watch, Listen..." near the top of the product page and you'll see them list "Youtube" as one of the popular products you can use with the Fire TV stick, unfortunately this is nothing but blatantly false advertising. The truth is that apart from trusting your data to a handful of sketchy third-party apps, there is no option for watching Youtube on your Fire TV stick. The app that looks somewhat official, with the developer name of "Youtube.com?" Nothing more than a bookmark that points you to a TV-friendly website, and I'm very doubtful that Google/Youtube would make an app like that. And the kicker is... Amazon borrowed the icon from that app and put it on their wall o' enticement in this page. What a joke. All Amazon needs to do is add a browser or the ability to mirror my browser from a computer or mobile device and they're golden, but I guess that's beyond their ability at this point.Second: Twitch.tv functionality. Twitch.tv is a streaming service focused around allowing users to livestream everything video games, and was recently bought out by Amazon. That last part and the purple Twitch logo plastered all over this page and product packaging kinda makes you think it should function flawlessly, right? Wrooooooong. Similar to Youtube, Twitch users create an account and follow their favorite channels so they can come back and watch that person stream again later. Unfortunately whoever designed Twitch for the FireTV had neither an idea what the product was about nor what a user interface is. When you start up the app you get three rows - the top is for Twitch's featured streamers, the second is a list of every game streaming at the moment, and the third every channel streaming at the moment. Users have no way of accessing their account to see which if any of the channels they've followed are live, nor do we have any way of searching for anything specific. The only option is to scroll through the featured streams (assuming the stream you want would be there in the first place), scroll through all the games til you find the right game then scroll through everyone playing said game til you find the right channel, or to scroll through literally every single active streamer til you find that needle in a haystack. If you happen to find the stream you wanted to watch or you've given up and chosen a random stream, you won't be able to interact with it in any way shape or form as there's no chat function! Of course you couldn't sign in anyway, so what's the point?If you don't care about these apps and you just want to watch Prime video or Netflix on your TV, this product will work just fine for you. Despite all the negativity I have toward the way they've advertised a few features, I really do appreciate how well Prime instant play works. If you're like me and you frequently find yourself trying to remember where you've seen actor Joe before, the X-Ray feature is great, makes me wish I had it on everything else too! I've not played any games on my Fire stick yet, but I imagine you'd probably want the other Fire TV product (fire box? I don't remember) for something like that just because it has more processing power as far as I know.In the end all I can say is do your homework before you buy this product. The Fire TV Stick itself is good enough, but this store page is filled with so much advertising BS that it's not even worth reading.Edit: I was just reminded of a very loud and obnoxious ad that Amazon has chosen to run before playing Prime content. It only plays once every now and then, but it cannot be skipped easily (you'll have to exit back to the home screen and try starting the video again, though there's still a chance the stupid ad will play) and it is OBSCENELY loud. The ad itself is relatively pointless and serves only to let the user know that they can also watch Prime content from their mobile devices... Okay, thanks for the tip, Amazon, but I really don't need you to shout this information at me from the beginning of every third episode. It's pretty concerning that they even had the nerve to play an ad before playing Prime content regardless of the message, makes me worry that Prime is going to become like Hulu Plus.
I ordered the Fire TV Stick before release and received it just after release for the discount price of about $20. Right away, the HDMI extender worked well but then stopped working about two weeks into use. The Fire stick worked really well with Amazon Prime. Very fast load--faster than my best PC or Mac and faster than my Roku 3.  At first the Netflix app took longer to load than my other devices which includes an Apple TV device. After a few months, the Netflix app on the Fire stick sped up and now loads pretty fast. I also tested this against three Blu Ray players made by Samsung, Panasonic, and LG. The Fire stick worked faster and better than all the Blu Ray players I've tested. That is except the Oppo 103 I've installed in rich people's homes. That is the best device I've tested yet.So, why do I write a review this far into my Fire stick ownership? Well, the performance of the stick has deteriorated to the point of uselessness for me. The stick still loads stuff quickly and I love that it has CEC capability. However, using Amazon Prime and Netflix on the stick fails because the video freezes every few minutes and the audio drops out. So, I miss some words in the dialogue and then the video speeds up to catch up after the freeze. This happens reliably every show I watch. This behavior is not present using the same WiFI signal I use for the Roku 3, the BluRay players, the Apple TV, and my computers. No, I don't use them all at once. I also tend to turn off my cell phone's WiFi when I'm using streaming just to reserve all possible bandwidth for the video I'm watching. So, Amazon support tells me nobody else has ever reported this problem. Oh well, I'll try my Fire TV Stick on another WiFI network with even stronger signals and see if it works better. Otherwise, $20 bucks down the drain
The more I've used my Fire TV stick, which I originally purchased last year during its $20 intro price for Prime customers, the more I've come to like it. I use it for Amazon programming (mainly Prime and free, but occasionally purchased on-demand series like The Walking Dead and Orphan Black), as well as Netflix and Plex. The picture and sound are quite good and the user interface pretty easy to maneuver within. Not long ago, I upgraded to a new Kindle Fire and have been discovering the benefits of the integration between the two devices.More recently, I was on a vacation and although the hotel where I stayed was pretty decent, its TV left much to be desired. It was an older non-smart model paired with a Comcast cable box that displayed a totally mismatched resolution. In the past, I would've just plugged in one of my media sticks and watched some videos from that -- but this TV wouldn't support that either. I'd just tossed the Fire TV stick into my suitcase on impulse at the last second, but was happy to see it worked just fine with this not-new-enough-or-smart-enough television. Even more impressive was the fact it was able to connect to the hotel wifi and stream through it. I think there were just two times when the message popped up about there not being quite enough bandwidth for good streaming, but these were both at bad times of the evening; before long again, all was fine and I was able to entertain myself with MY viewing choices, not just what was available on squish-distorted viewing via the cable box. All I can say is if you do want to take it on the road with you, don't forget the power adapter and remote control.Personally, my feeling is the best value in having the Fire TV stick is when you also have Amazon Prime, because it opens up the whole Prime library for viewing or listening.
In our home we have two Roku 2's and two Fire TV Sticks. I bought the Fire TV Sticks when they first came out because I got a special deal for being a Prime member. Depending on what Apps you are planning on using, the Fire TV Stick might be all you need. If you are buying the Fire TV Stick for watching Amazon Prime, this is perfect. It has Netflix, Hulu Plus, HBO GO, etc. However, one HUGE thing missing from the Fire TV Stick is:  VUDU!!We have the majority of our video library on VUDU. The Roku obviously has VUDU and all the other streaming video apps we use (Hulu Plus, Amazon Video, HBO GO, WWE Network, etc.) On the Amazon Fire TV Stick, we are forced to use Flixster (when we can even get Flixster to load our library.) This is a very poor substitution for VUDU. Only the Ultraviolet movies will port over through Flixster and it will NOT port over any Disney movies. Sucks for the kids. (Disney Movies anywhere only ports to Vudu, Itunes, or Google play.)I do find the Fire TV Stick a little less user friendly as far as searching for what you need. However, once you have your apps set up it's not that much of an issue. Though the carousel view can be annoying while trying to locate an app if you have a lot. My husband prefers the WWE Network app on the Fire TV Stick over the Roku app. But, the Flixster app is horrible IMO.If you are searching for a streaming player, do your homework. Figure out what exactly you are wanting to use it for. If the Fire TV Stick had the VUDU app, I would recommend the Fire TV Stick to everyone. But, if you will use the extra content that the Roku provides, it's worth paying the extra money for the Roku. Right now, if any of our streaming devices decided to break, I would be replacing it with a new Roku 3.
I really wanted to like this, and I do like it when it works.  But, sadly, it just doesn't work often.  For the first day I had it, it connected to my network and worked perfectly.  The interface isn't as intuitive as I might have liked, but I was able to find what I wanted quickly enough and the apps are all great.  The included remote works very well, and unlike the stupid Apple TV remove has enough buttons that there's zero learning curve.  It boots up quickly, goes into sleep mode when not in use, and wakes up with a single button touch.This is where the positives end.  After that first day, the device simply stopped connecting to my network reliably.  It would connect for a few seconds, and then drop connection.  Once dropped, it would never reconnect even though the network settings show my network with strong signal, and even showed that it was connected.  Very frustrating.  I Googled it, and apparently this is a very common issue with the Fire TV Stick that is not present in the full Fire TV device.  It is well-known and widely reported, but has never been addressed by Amazon.  It was suggested that the device simply doesn't work well on Wireless N networks, and prefers Wireless B and G.  I set my router to only broadcast B and G, but it solved nothing.  Even if I place the device within 5 feet of my router, it will not say connected.  I have given the device to my girlfriend in hopes that it will work better on her network (for whatever reason), and if not, then I will be returning it.Also, the mobile remote app for this thing is terrible.  It does offer you the advantage of using a keyboard to type, but what you are typing doesn't even show up on the app itself, only on the TV screen.  So you find yourself trying to divide your attention between the phone and the TV screen to type, which probably doesn't sound as bad as it is.  But trust me, it's less than ideal.  The app is so bad that I have to wonder if the developers have ever actually tried using it themselves.My advice to anyone scoping this thing out is to try it, but keep the original packaging and be prepared to return it.  Based on other reviews, it is working well for most.  But my research after having these issues proves that my bad experience is not unique.
I currently own four of these. I bought one in Feb. 2015 and after some preliminary testing and successful side-loading of XBMC/KODI, I now own four of them -- one for each TV in the house and one just for travel. These have worked out so well for me that they have replaced three, large Windows 7 PC's I had hooked-up to my TVs for the sole purpose of XBMC/KODI. With Amazon Prime and Netflix support, it's just icing on the cake. I have since told a few buddies about it and now they each have one.When I travel, I bring my 4th FireTV Stick plus my HooToo TripMate Nano Wireless N Pocket Travel Router (HT-TM02) which has a USB drive loaded with content (movies, TV shows) that I can watch anywhere -- including a recent cruise I took:http://www.amazon.com/HooToo-TripMate-Wireless-Pocket-Travel/dp/B00HZWOQZ6/While I have been successful at streaming from a hotel's own wi-fi network, sometimes the speed is just too slow and therefore the picture quality is terrible. In those cases, I check to see if have decent 4G LTE speeds on my Sprint cellphone. If so, I enable the Hotspot function on my phone and then connect my FireTV Stick to that. A few weeks ago, I was able to stream clear HD content from Amazon Prime Video as well as SlingTV via my phone without any issues for hours. Very impressive!I should add that because of the FireTV Stick + SlingTV and other apps, I recently cancelled DirecTV after 15 years (and almost $18,000 spent during that time!!!). So, yes, this thing can save a lot you money.Lastly, I am delighted that they now have hotel portal support. When the FireTV Stick detects such a connection, it brings up a simple webpage showing the hotel's login screen. You can then use your FireTV remote to login and bypass that hurdle.I cannot recommend these devices more! I wish they came out 10 years ago. I would have cancelled DirecTV then and not spent the money for those 3 PC's.
It is an amazon product, and it shows.1- Apps are second class citizens. The main menu contains amazon specific items; apps can be reached under a menu item unlike roku where apps are prominently displayed on the screen. Recent menu will show the recently used apps and watched amazon content which is a redeeming factor if you want a shortcut to your netflix, hulu, etc. apps.2- The main reason I gave three stars is that the fire stick blacked out a few times. This happened during watching amazon content; it'd black out right after movie/show started, but came back very quickly. There were couple of other problems (distorted screen, unresponsive remote) with a third party app but that could be that app's fault.3- The remote is nice but feels a little flimsy.4- Fast forward and rewind does not feel very responsive during watching amazon content, but works OK in other apps.5- It feels *very* warm even long after the active use. I'm not sure if it goes to sleep mode by itself or not.6- I like the voice search option that can be used by installing an app to my tablet. But search results seem to be skewed mostly towards amazon content. It'd be great to show all available viewing options (amazon, netflix, hulu, etc.) for a given title in a clear interface; right now one has to go through all search results to see if there are other viewing options for a specific title.I already have a roku and I bought this fire stick for a very specific app that roku didn't have, and so far it serves the purpose. That's why I'm not worried about "little stuff", but if fire stick would be my only streaming option I'd probably have a different opinion. It could definitely use one firmware update or two but in general it's a good product for the price.
It is an ok device. I bought it when it was heavily discounted (around $20 I believe), and that's about what it is worth to me. Now that it allows access to HBO GO and I've owned it for around 6 months, I feel like I can give it a fair review.First, it was easy to install and easy to connect to the wireless network. I like that it comes with a remote which some of the other "sticks" don't offer. Amazon Prime (and Amazon non-Prime) content is heavily featured, but the search mechanism also includes results from other applications.As for content, I use Amazon Prime, Netflix, PBS Kids, Youtube, Flixster and HBO GO on this device. Everything *except* Flixster and HBO GO works great. HBO GO is ok, but the UI runs very slow right now on my fire tv stick. I am able to view content though if I'm patient. As far as I can tell, Flixster is the only platform available to watch your ultraviolet movies if you have an ultraviolet collection. The application doesn't work very well. I don't want to turn this into a review of that application, but suffice it to say that I go to the bedroom where the Roku 2 is if I want to watch a UV movie.Another big problem for me is the complete lack of any way to watch movies on my "Disney Movies Anywhere" account. There is no DMA app, and the other providers (Chrome, Vudu, and ITunes) also don't have an app. I was able to watch 1 DMA movie on Youtube, but that has since been disabled apparently (by Amazon or Google, I don't know).For a streaming digital device, the inability to access paid digital content defeats the purpose and completely ruins the device for me. I realize this is an Amazon device and if you only purchase movies from Amazon, it will probably work for you. I don't want a device that locks me into 1 provider though when there are other options available.Another somewhat annoying problem is that the remote sometimes "sticks" when I push an arrow key. So instead of fast fowarding by 5 seconds, it goes 10 minutes ahead as if I held the button down for 10 or 20 seconds. That is just a minor inconvenience though. Occassionally, the stick freezes up or "gets confused" and I have to unplug it and plug it back in, but that is also a minor issue for me.If the fire tv stick had a VUDU application which allowed access to UV and DMA movies, it would be a 5. If my Amazon account connected with my Ultraviolet and DMA account, it would also be a 5. For now, I'd say to skip it and go with a roku. My roku 2 is still going strong and I prefer it much more than the fire tv stick. That said, if you don't need access to your ultraviolet or DMA account, it is a decent device at a decent price. If you've never used a streaming device before and have an account with Amazon Prime and/or Netflix, it should do the job for you.
Everyone owning an Amazon Fire TV device greatly needs to speak out on the following statements. After a couple months of owning an Amazon Fire TV device, I have devised an extremely useful idea.  An idea that would be easily integrated into any Amazon Fire TV device. That same idea I have voiced with Amazon Fire TV device department a couple of times now. However, unless more people than me speak out to the Amazon Fire TV department, they won't change the current Amazon Fire TV device operations. My important idea consists of potential diverse opportunities for all of the Amazon Fire TV device users.1.  When the Amazon Fire TV device user initially starts up the Amazon Fire TV device, the Amazon Fire TV device user has the option to choose to be asked by Amazon Fire TV device a series of questions. The questions would be geared around questions such as "what type of genre the Amazon Fire TV device user likes, what directors and or actors the Amazon Fire TV device user likes, etc.."  The series of questions would aid the Amazon Fire TV device user in getting the chosen particular movies and or TV shows brought to them instead of having to search for the shows manually. It would pull the shows and or movies from Netflix, Pandora, Hulu plus and so on. The Amazon Fire TV device user wouldn't have to search each and every app for the movies and or shows of choice. This idea could be set up by the user at startup or at a later time. If the user don't want to spend the time at the initial startup, they can do it at a later time.2.  The Amazon Fire TV device unit would store usage of the Amazon Fire TV device user for about a week or two at a time. During that time, the Amazon Fire TV device unit would be paying attention to what the Amazon Fire TV device user watches. For example, if the Amazon Fire TV device user only watches horror movies and or TV shows then the unit would only display horror movies and or TV  shows. If the user only prefers to watch drama and comedy movies and or TV shows, that is only what the Amazon Fire TV device would display. It would be easily changed by the Amazon Fire TV device user. It would be a setting the Amazon Fire TV device user could choose to have the device do that.3.  The device would display a clock on the TV screen. In the settings of the Amazon Fire TV device the user could have the clock setting chosen. It would have the ability to be seen if the person uses the pause button on the Amazon Fire TV remote. Or, it could be setup to appear on the screen at a periodic session (every five minutes or ten minutes and so on).4.  Amazon Fire TV device users would be able to get an emailed summary of what they watched for the past week or two if they wanted the settings set that way on the device. When a Amazon Fire TV user rents a movie, they are emailed with the title of the movie. So why not?5.  If when the Amazon Fire TV device user gets a movie or show displayed to watch by the device, and the movie or show is on a paid app, then it would show to the user that the movie or show is on a paid app requiring membership. Then if the user wants to still continue to see the movie and or show, they would be able to.6.  If the Amazon Fire TV device user wants only a one star rated movie or show then the device only displays those to the Amazon Fire TV device user.7.  If the person only wants free movies or shows then that is all the device displays. Vice versa if the Amazon Fire TV user only wants paid movies or shows.8. If the Amazon Fire TV user only wants a certain director or actor then that is all that the device displays.9.  The speech recognition search button would allow the Amazon Fire TV device user to answer a series of questions that the device would need in order to have certain types of shows and directors and so on to be displayed. The search button has the potential to do vast multi tasks as well.10.  All apps are preinstalled. The Amazon Fire TV device user wouldn't have to install all apps. Except for if the app was a paid membership. Then if that is the case, then the Amazon Fire TV device user would have to manually install that app themselves.
I don't know if I'm using this wrong, but I have literally not even gotten a single spark while using this.If first thought I try it out by lightning our fireplace, because we have a natural gas assist so it's fairly easy to start. I made sure it had fresh batteries and the lights came on, but nothing. Not a spark. I tried several times then went ahead and used a cheap dollar store fire stixk, which worked immediately. So I know it's not our fireplace.Thinking maybe it was meant for outside use, we tried the next weekend to start the grill and then a campfire. The grill is a standard charcoal grill. Again, no luck with that. Maybe it was the liquid firestarter that caused the problem here?  So we tried a camp fire with no accelerants, all natural wood, twigs and some bits of paper for the Firestick to light. Nada.I'm not sure what we're doing wrong. I plug the USB part into the USB port on my computer, then aimed the Firestick directly at the item we wished to ignite. I didn't even see a spark or anything! But I thought maybe it is all done with infrared, so no sparks. What is so puzzling is that it didn't seem to matter what I was trying to light,  nothing worked, there wasn't a spark or even a puff of smoke, let alone an actual fire.The device seems well made, maybe I got a faulty unit. It seems like other reviewers like it, so I know it's just got to be something I'm doing wrong. Will keep trying and will update you if I figure it out.PS: another strange thing, when I plugged the USB into my TV instead (thinking that since maybe it has more  power, it might help ignite better) I suddenly started getting all kinds of channels with tons of shows and even some games.  I don't have cable, so I'm not sure what's going on here. A strange development to be certain!
I have been using the Fire TV in one room and the Roku stick in a bedroom. The Roku was noticeably slower - a lot slower. So much so it was a big disappointment and almost annoying to use. Had I not also had a Fire TV I might have been quite pleased with the Roku.The Roku was damaged during a power surge and because of being "spoiled" by the Fire TVs superior responsiveness I opted to replace it with a Fire TV stick.Having now used all three devices I would recommend amazon for those who seek responsive navigation. Those multi-second delays while programs or apps load on the Roku stick are noticeable. I have not tried the Roku set top box which may be better.Pros:The Fire TV stick seems as fast as the set top box at less than half the price. I don't play games so can't speak to that aspect.The Fire TV stick has the same navigation interface as the set top box so using it feels natural if you are already using one of their devices.Cons:I knocked off a few stars because the catalog of apps seems limited. I am an amazon prime member and do enjoy this option, but for more specialized viewing like news or ustream - there are serious limitations to the options. Roku seemed to have many more "channel" options.Another big ding for the Fire Stick is that, unlike some original ads indicated, the Fire TV Stick does NOT support Bluetooth headphones. As stated I purchased this for use in a bedroom. I opted for the stick over the set top box because of the price and feeling I did not care about gaming - which at that time seemed like the only major sacrifice along with voice search. I can use my phone with a remote app for the voice search, but connecting Bluetooth headphones is not possible with the stick. If this is something you seek, go with the set top box. In a bedroom it can be very helpful to be able to watch tv with headphones so as not to disturb others at night.Overall it is a satisfying device to use as long as you are happy with what it offers. The library includes apps for netflix, Hulu and YouTube so for many this may be all they need. Note the search option on the home page will only search amazon prime content - unlike Roku which searches across apps for content and let's you know prices via various vendors.So, it gets the job done. 3 stars for doing it with ease and responsiveness. However, there are sacrifices with this choice, some of which were not clear up front (I was led to believe by amazons own ads it would support Bluetooth headphones). If you can live without these functions you will be happy with the device.
 Being a life-long Apple fan I'm shocked to find myself writing a review of the Amazon Fire TV stick - but having owned an Amazon TV for a while, I bought an additional TV Stick for the spare room, and I have to say I'm delighted.  I've bought (and since eBay sold) two versions of the Apple TV, and neither came close to this.As I work with technology, I'm aware at just how confusing it can be, so I'll steer clear of the Gigabytes and Megahertz and in common with Apple, focus on the actual experience rather than the technology.First Impressions--------------------Opening the box, I was stuck by just how small this device is - not much bigger than a USB storage device.  In addition to the "stick" you get a USB cable and power adapter (in case it can't draw enough power from the TV itself), a small but useful remote control, a pair of AA batteries, and a quick start guide.What I really like about the "stick" as opposed to the bigger box, is as well as being much cheaper, it's completely portable.  This means that while it's handy for a TV in the spare room, you can also take it with you if you're going away for the weekend (provided the hotel you're staying in has WIFI).Anyway, I plugged it in and it immediately connected to the internet, and up popped a message on the screen...."Hello John - do you want to log into your Amazon account?"Just like the main Fire TV, it's a small but very impressive feature.  Clearly when you order the Fire Stick, the actual device is registered to you, and "knows" who you are.  You can of course connect to Amazon on another account (for example if you send it as a gift), but it's a lovely to find it works "right out of the box".  Good to see also, when you fire it up, it has any Amazon video or music purchases available along with photos and videos.After an initial re-boot to install the latest software it was ready to go.What's it like?==========Scrolling around the menus is smooth and fast, and press "Play" and there's absolutely no delay, no "downloading" message, in fact no waiting at all.  Compared to the full size fire, there's almost nothing in it, although there was a slightly longer delay in loading apps, for example Netflix.Of course this device is really designed for people with an "Amazon Instant Package" which means you can stream a huge number of films and TV programs for free (as well as free next day Amazon delivery).  However, where Amazon scores over (for example), Netflix, is the fact you've got the option to pay an extra £3 and rent a film that's not part of your package.  Being able to do this directly on the TV is a great bonus, and you can of course ensure your credit card is protected by a pin code if needed.From the main page you can view every film, TV programme or App (there's hundreds of games available).  In common with many other set-top boxes there's also complete integration with other media.  This means you can play your music straight from the Amazon servers or load photos, and watch them on the TV.  Any music you've bought from Amazon is instantly available, and you can upload an additional 250 songs for free before buying additional "Amazon cloud" storage.Why is it better than Apple TV?=======================Firstly, I'm a huge fan of Apple devices (iPhone, iPad, Mac, TV), but the Apple TV was first launched in 2006, with a minor speed update since.  This Amazon device has a dual core processor, 1Gb of memory and  8 Gb of onboard storage, and is bang up to date.  You're therefore getting a faster device, and when you've got 1,000 programmes to choose from, and a very short attention span - speed counts.While the smooth aluminium remote on the Apple TV may be a lovely design, it still needs line-of-sight to the Apple TV to work.  Sure, no problem, except if your TV is attached to the wall, and the box hidden behind it.  Amazon Fire uses the Bluetooth wireless standard, which means you can change channels from another room if you want to.  A lovely touch.I did wonder whether I'd want to mirror my iPad to the TV, and whether that'd be a deal-breaker.  No problem, you can buy an App for that.If you've got a huge film collection on a computer or NAS you're also in luck here.  Download a copy of the "Plex" App, and you can play all your media including films, videos, photos and music from your external device.Unlike the Apple TV you can even play games on this device.  There's hundreds available for free plus lots of paid Apps, and you can even buy a dedicated games controller.Finally, despite having a top end HD television and the latest Apple TV, the picture quality on the Amazon is so much better.  The screen resolution, and ability to fast forward or backward is just terrific.  Oh, and did I mention the "instant play" features.  It seems Amazon Fire "learns" what series you tend to watch.  So when you're not looking it quietly downloads the first 10 seconds of your most likely selections.  This means when you press play, it just starts immediately.Which to buy - Fire TV or Stick?=======================Well, having played with both, I'd recommend either.  I've summarised the key differences below:-* Voice search:  The Fire has a handy voice search option which really works well.  Press a button on the remote control and say the title of the film or programme you want to watch and it instantly displays a list of options.  I love this feature, especially as there's so many programs available.* Speed:  The Fire has a quad core processor and more memory which gives it a slight edge over the Stick.  However, there's not a lot in it, and both get the advantage of the ASAP streaming which means Amazon quietly downloads the videos in background so when you press "Play" they start instantly.  No waiting around.* WIFI only:  Whereas the Fire TV has an ethernet (wired) connection in addition to WIFI, the Stick only has the WIFI option.  Not a deal breaker - but something you should be aware of if you don't have particularly fast WIFI at home.* Optical audio:  Again the Fire TV is equipped with an optical audio output socket for the full Dolby Digital surround sound experience.* Available Games:  One drawback I have noticed is although most games work on both Amazon Fire and Stick, some of the more graphics rich games are not available on the Stick - presumably because it's less powerful, or because Amazon want to target a different audience.So there's not a lot in it really.Overall opinion===========Like thousands of others, I have to agree this is real winner.  The combination of the incredible simple design, super-fast no-wait streaming with an excellent remote control make this device a real family favourite.  I for one am really impressed, and if you've already got the "Amazon Instant" subscription with free one day delivery this is a no-brainer.  We've watched far more on Amazon TV now than ever before.The fact it's cheaper and more portable than the main "Fire TV" box is just a bonus.Highly Recommended.Design, setup and performanceAt this point in the game, a streaming stick is nothing new. It's a plastic, thumb drive-sized device that plugs into any HDMI port (not just MHL-equipped ports) and draws power from a USB port on the TV or from a wall outlet via the included converter. The exterior itself isn't all that exciting - it's 84.9 x 25.0 x 11.5mm and has the Amazon logo on one side - but it's the lack of any distinct features that help the Fire TV Stick blend into the back of any TV. It even comes with an HDMI extender cable in case you've got a wall-mounted setup and no additional space to spare in the back.While these extras are something the Chromecast comes standard with, the more expensive Roku Streaming Stick does not. Sometimes, it's the simple things in life that really count, and Amazon scores major points for putting the consumer first.After you've got the stick firmly seated in an HDMI port you've got to provide a power solution. You'll need to connect the micro-USB powered stick to either a USB port on the TV or, attach the adapter and plug it into the wall. If you choose the former, you'll get a warning when you boot the system up for the first time. It'll tell you that it can't draw enough power from the USB port to provide the ideal experience. I opted for the power via a wall socket.Games are also present and accounted for on Amazon's smaller system, and for the most part the less-intensive titles play incredibly well. Disappointingly though, you won't find many graphically demanding games here like The Walking Dead Season 1 or 2.Buy Amazon Fire TV Stick at John Lewis for £35.00Nor are you likely to spot Grand Theft Auto here anytime soon. That doesn't seem to be due to any fault of the hardware - the system boasts the right specs for those higher-end games - the content simply isn't there.f you're a Fire TV owner you'll notice that this remote doesn't come with the built-in mic and voice-search button. The functionality still exists if you use the accompanying Fire TV app, but it doesn't exist on the pack-in peripheral.If you really need it, though, Amazon sells the full-size remote separately or allows you to sync your old Fire TV remote to the Stick without much of a problem. It just goes to show how much this functionality costs - but we didn't think it detracted too much from the viewing experience.
It would be easy to simply dismiss this device as 'just another smart TV attempt', but it offers something that the others don't right now!  Sling TV!!!The Fire Stick is as dirt simple to setup as it can get.  The only way that a person couldn't get this item setup, is to leave it in the box.  I kid you not, there just isn't any way to mess up the installation.  It comes with a short extension cable, which is great, since Sony is still designing their sets like a room full of meatheads.  The range on this device is fabulous.  I had it downstairs in our theater area with the wi-fi upstairs and was still able to stream this quality of video (please see pics!).  The shots were taken from 18 feet away, with a 150" projector image (the speakers are four feet tall, just to give you a sense of scale)Regarding Sling TV: it's absolutely fabulous!!  Amazon did a great job of making their platform open to so many apps, with this being one of the best!!  Sling TV is EXACTLY what I've been waiting for at a reasonable price point, to boot!  ESPN, ESPN2, TNT, History, H2, HGTV, CNN, Travel, and Food Network!!  Throw in TBS, A&E;, IFC and you've got the best channels (my opinion, I know) for an excellent price!!  The video quality is great!  It's not quite HD, but it's not very far off!The best part is that I got the Fire Stick free with the promo they're running right now!  3 months of Sling TV = free Fire Stick!!  You really can't get better!  Cut off your cable or satellite and get Sling TV with the free Fire Stick!  (No, I don't work for them, just really flippin' overjoyed that I'm getting my most watched channels at 1/5th the price that I was paying!!)  Woo-hoo!
Let's face it, nothing is perfect. At least to me, there is always something to improve. But Amazon gets many things right with their first Fire TV Stick. From the easy to open packaging, to the easy to set up device itself, Amazon has used all the little tricks they have learned (by listening to consumers) over the years.Let me start by saying that I have 3 Chromecast devices and checked this device out after a sale at Staples. But in hindsight, it is certainly worth the full retail price. Here's why:At first, I thought that this would never replace my Chromecasts because use them so much and I'm always on my phone or tablet. But after using it for a month, I find it to be my go to streaming device. The remote does a wonderful job for having such a limited number of buttons. But that might be part of the winning recipe, using the KISS (Keep It Simple, Stupid) principle. But don't let the simplicity fool you. This device is VERY capable and compatible.I use it with my Logitech Harmony Smart Control Hub instead of the supplied remote most of the time, but the fact that you CAN use another remote is tremendous. In addition, if you just love using your phone for everything, there is are apps for both iOS and Android that will turn them into remotes (in case you lose the little bugger?).It does all the things that you would expect it to including Netflix, YouTube, Spotify, etc. It also can handle most Android apps that are available through Amazon Appstore. This is where Chromecast cannot (in its current incantation) hang with the Fire TV Stick. With the keyboard and remote I have set up, this device is more like an Android on my TV than with Chromecast. I particularly like being able to use the Tiny Cam app that I already purchased way back and view my Foscams on my TV. It’s like a DIY CC TV camera setup.Setting up the device was dead simple. Plug into HDMI (using their extension adapter if you wish), plug in power to TV USB or the supplied 5V block or your own 5V USB source, turn on the TV and go through the prompts. Amazon did a great job making it clear and simple to begin watching.Now, onto the things that aren’t so perfect:Since the apps are all made by different companies, there is no universal navigation pattern. For instance, controls while watching a video on the Smithsonian App and watching a video on the Plex app are different. And while this doesn’t usually cause issues, if you are picky, this will stand out.Text entry without a keyboard can be aggravating, especially during setup. So save yourself some headache and download the app on your smartphone. Thank me silently after you do this .TL;DRPros:* Nice looking device and remote with everything you would need in the box* Fast responsive device, I have yet to have a freeze up* Easy to set up, takes literally minutes* Can "Cast" including Spotify, Netflix, Youtube etc. AS WELL as control content without a smartphone* Works with Logitech Harmony Smart Hub and Keyboard* Can use regular Android Apps like Camera software and games. (Flappy Bird!!)* Beautiful screen saver photos that you can skip and review with remote.Cons:* Lots of the navigation room in the UI is geared towards Prime users (Prime videos etc)* Setup can be a pain if you don’t download the app (text entry)* Remote is small and may get lost (again, download the app as an alternative)* Occasional UI differences in apps (just the nature of different app developers)* Apps are not updated as fast as Android phone apps, but not far behind.
I purchased the Firestick through Amazon's pre-release sale for $20 not expecting much. I was going to upgrade to this and give my Roku 2 to my mother since she's used to the Roku interface. I personally like lists, so before giving the the Pros & Cons you should know that the stick is only really useful if you already have a Netflix, HBO GO, Sling TV and/or a Prime Membership. I just so happen to have Netflix and Prime membership. Having both services really gives you a wide range of variety when it comes to viewing choices.Pros:1-The fact that it is a stick really makes a difference when you're used to using boxes.2-The interface is very slick and very user friendly. It makes the Roku menu system seem juvenile/kiddish. Everything is perfectly organized and you can always get back to your recent apps/channels without having to scroll through lists of stuff.3-Although many people have complained about having to plug into a power source I plugged into my TV's USB port (i have an old Olevia from 2008)  and although I received the "low power" warning it works fine.4- The Netflix app for the stick is miles ahead of the the Roku box. First off, it allows you to switch between profiles in Netflix which to me is huge. You never realize how essential this is until you share your Netflix account with other people. I haven't had my roku for a while so I don't know if the latest Roku update provides this. The whole netflix experience on the stick reminds me of the kind of menus you typically get on a gaming system likeSony PS4 or Xbox. Everything is beautifully, simply arranged with tailored recommendations at the very top. If you watch TV shows it automatically plays all the episodes in a given season.5-Prime Instant Video- I have an HTPC set up in the livingroom and I personally hate the browser interface that Amazon has for instant video.For all the money they've invested I personally feel this is one of the its shortcomings as far as competing with Netflix's livingroom browser watching experience. However, since Prime Instant Video is cooked into the internal DNA of the Firestick it makes recommendations and the watching experience quite enjoyable and on par with Netflix.6-Pandora- The pandora app will play music in the background which is a feature I never had on the Roku. This means you can scroll through other stuff while music is playing. And if you turn off the TV the music will pause and continue playing from where it left off when you turn the TV back on.7- Plex- I'm a big plex fan and the Firestick works beautifully with this app to stream everything I have downloaded on my HTPC drive.ConsCONNECTIVITY- This is by far the Firestick's Achilles' heel. Recently, this has become more of an issue with my Plex than Netflix/Prime Video. Lately it has gotten really bad and I have just stopped streaming my videos out of frustration.I The wifi adaptor in the stick is definitely inferior to that of a Roku or other streaming set top box probably because of its compact nature. I just ordered a more powerful router since I am connecting more devices wirelessly so I am hopeful this improve the connection issues. Definitely only get the Firestick if you have your router in the same room or if you have a powerful router (aka with external antennas) or else you may get inconsistent connection problems.
First, if you don't have Amazon Prime, this probably isn't the streaming media device for you. Its focus is definitely toward Amazon Instant Video, which is evident when you fire it up; it's as if you're dropped straight into the Amazon Video app on any other device that supports Amazon video.The interface works well enough. On 720p TV sets, the interface is buttery smooth but thin fonts can get a little grainy; an option for heavier-weight fonts (Helvetica standard vs. Helvetica Ultralight) would be a good thing here. On 1080p TV sets, the interface can slow down from time to time but remains crystal clear.As for app selection, it's your typical fare from the Amazon app store - a decent selection, but you really have to dig to find what you're looking for from time to time, even to the point where I'll need to either use the iPad or my computer to open the web interface to its app store because the on-device search isn't really that great. The good news here is that Amazon does a good job of pushing apps from the app store web interface to the device itself.The remote is alright. While it feels nearly as solid as the Apple Remote that comes with the current Apple TV, the plastic does give it a cheap feel. The remote app for iOS devices is cluttered, but works for the most part; I'm not a fan of how scrolling works, and I prefer the Apple Remote app method over this app's method.The biggest thing my husband was disappointed with is that this device does not support MHL. Both of our TV sets and our home theater receiver support MHL, and this is a device where MHL makes a lot of sense; not necessarily for remote connectivity, but definitely for power. In the case of either TV, we had to use the included USB power adapter since neither TV could supply the necessary 1 amp output this device needs. Also, some TV sets will not have space to plug the stick directly into an HDMI port; at least this device came with the necessary HDMI extension cable (though it's very short).The big question is if this device is worth the price or not? For Amazon Prime customers without a Smart TV or other set-top box with Amazon Prime built-in, the answer would be "most likely". If you can catch it for $30 or less, that becomes a yes. However, if you already have a Roku device or you're investing in a Smart TV with Amazon Video as one of its included apps, then you can pass on this. For people without Amazon Prime, you're better off to spend your money on a Roku device or an Apple TV, as both devices are far better than this.
It took forever to set up. I plugged it into a wall socket using the adapter provided and I kept getting a message saying the power supply was insuffucient and to plug into a wall socket using the provided adaptor???  I hooked up a volt meter to the outlet and I had 120V. Not sure what the problem was but I was finally able to get to the setup screen. I entered the correct password for the wifi and it kept saying it could not connect to the network. No other devices have problems connecting to the wifi in that room which is directly below the room where the router is located. When it finally connected it would not accept my amazon account information.  I logged into amazon on another device to ensure I was using the correct log in. After about 15 tries I contacted amazon support.  They first told me that since my amazon password had a special character and number in it that the stick wouldn't recognize it. I argued that point with them and they finally admitted that didn't make sense.  They had me reset my password, to one that still had a special character  and number, still wouldn't accept it. They entered the device serial number directly to my account as an approved device, still didn't work.  While on hold I reset the power 2 times (this step was not suggested by the tech support) before it finally logged onto my account. Once it was connected I tried to use amazon prime and netflix, both have to buffer constantly. No other devices have that problem in that room. I left it alone for a couple days and tried to use it again, it was disconnected from the network again. None of my other devices randomly disconnect from the network. Reset power again and had to renter network password. Worked ok for a while then started buffering again.
I've owned this item for approximately 6 months. Other positive reviews are true, this product is great and Amazon did a awesome job of creating a small and portable entertainment stick. I will not cover all the things that I like about the Stick, but I did purchase this item for one specific purpose: to attach to the HDMI port in our minivan to allow the kids to control their own content on long trips.For my intended purpose, the Stick connected easily to my phone's personal hotspot and streaming (for the most part) produced great quality for our 7-inch minivan screen.  On AT&T;, when I had at least 2+ bars of service, the Stick had limited buffering. I attribute this to good management of the Stick's streaming quality.I mostly have no complaints about the Stick's performance. However, my intended purpose is to allow our kids control their content on the services we use without me having to help them: Amazon Prime, Netflix, and Hulu Plus. Apparently, the Stick doesn't enjoy being turned off abruptly, such as when the car is turned off or if you have the Stick attached to the USB port on the back of your TV, when you turn the TV off. For me, this is the point of a device like this, to attach it to the display's power supply so that it powers on and off when you turn your display on and off.When I opened the Stick, there were two warnings to use only the power supply that came with the Stick. This is worrisome because I think most people will use the USB port on the back of their TV to power the stick (like we do when it's not in the minivan) or use the USB port (or a regular plug if you have one) in your car. Having to use a regular plug is troublesome because there are no more available plugs where our TV is and it's way more convenient and logical to use the USB port. Additionally, for setups in our house where the TV is mounted, I don't want to see a wire hanging down (we move the Stick around the house and into the minivan for long trips).I'm not sure if using an alternate than the recommended power supply is the issue, but services other than Amazon lose their login credentials from time-to-time. This is a huge inconvenience since the kids cannot log into the service by themselves. It also shouldn't happen. I could understand if this happened from during major firmware updates, but not randomly. If anybody has young kids, then you'll understand when they expect to turn on the TV and settle in for a 12-hour car ride, it's a major hassle when Netflix is asking for login credentials.
We have used this Fire TV Stick regularly since Christmas 2014 and have gotten familiar with it before posting a review.We have a Fire TV box that we have owned and used for months prior to the Fire TV Stick being released.  We are very familiar with navigating the menu and had a bit of headstart in that department.  We find the menu to be user friendly and easy to understand.  On this Fire TV Stick, we have the standard remote (no voice search) and have been able to enter search terms very easily.  We have no complaints on the remote or navigation of the menu.We use this Fire TV Stick for streaming video (tv and movies) only.  We do not use it for games, music, photo viewing, nor have we set up the FreeTime.  We have downloaded only a few apps... Netflix, Hulu Plus, Flixster... and have not overloaded our Stick's memory in any way.  I say this because we have the same complaint as others, the Stick will lose network connection very regularly.  Sometimes restarting the device will reduce the problem, and sometimes a hard boot (unplug entirely) will be of some help.  There will be regular issues with buffering while viewing videos through Amazon Prime Video Library or through apps (Hulu, Flixster, Netflix)... the Stick does not discriminate.Because of the buffering problem, we upgraded/replaced our modem and router.  We changed the location of the modem and router to better compliment the Fire TV Stick (all are in the same room).  The problem continues on this device only.  We have no issues on our Fire TV box that is used in a room 30 ft away from our router (down a hall, around multiple corners, various walls between point A and point B).  I should also mention that we did not have any buffering issues using our Sony Blu-Ray player to access Amazon Prime Video Library, Hulu, or Netflix, nor did any other devices in our home lose signal/connection while using our older modem/router.The Fire TV Stick, when working properly, is a great addition to the Fire family.  Picture and sound are clear, and portability is a nice perk.  I hope that through continued development and updates Amazon can find a way to eliminate the buffering.  Until then, based on our experience, I recommend the Fire TV box over the Fire TV Stick.
This review will not focus on features because at this point most streaming devices do the same, instead it will focus on what it can do for me.If you want to know what freq. of wifi it works or what processor it has or the codecs it can handle look at the box cause i don't know and frankly i don't care knowing that let me tell you something about this stick..Love it!!!! ...and here is why:I've own all the major players and some diy ones and i've come to realize that each and every one have a different targeted audience no single one will ever suffice and always going to be a lacking feature that will make it less than perfect.This is no exception but its really, really close to being perfect..... for me !!!!, this is what you need to understand when it comes to streaming boxes, sticks or HTPC you need to look beyond the hype and find a device that fits your needs...For example, your a fan of the fruit, nothing wrong with it, i am too and have been since it had a monochrome display, knowing that you need to know that this little device will stick out like a sore thumb because its not suitable for you, why? because you'll most certainly will have your photos in the cloud and your music in itunes, 2 feature that this device doesn't do... see were im going with this every device has it uses for example after the excitement of owning a chromecast i came to realize this is very annoying i need it to have either my phone or tablet near by to use it and that sucks when your laying in bed and you left your phone in the bathroom. Don't get me wrong its an exceptional piece of technology specially when your casting your snaps to a 65" led  :) ....... said that this thing isn't for me thats why i found the perfect location for it in the kitchens tv where when im cooking or having coffee i stream some podcast from my phone.As a subscriber of the major streaming services all i can say is im in heaven this little thing works wonders hulu, netflix, hbogo and prime (Alpha house fan) all play wonderfully plus i just discovered the whole prime music thing and i kind of like it. I bought the stick because this was affordable enough to give it a chance and i wasnt dissapointed.
As a prime member, I was able to pre-order this device for half off.  For $19, I figured it was worth checking out.  I'm glad I didn't pay full price for the Fire Stick as it's an ok streamer, but has its issues.  I had been using Chromecasts (most recently) at home and expected this device to work as well as the Chromecast since they're in the same price point (and the Fire Stick has "better' components).  I've been trying to find the perfect device for watching content from my home network and streaming. I've used the following setups: Xbmc on windows, Xbmcbuntu, Chromecast, Roku 3, and now Fire TV stick.The Fire Stick has a very nice looking on-screen user interface. The UI is much better looking than the Roku and is smooth and responsive at the beginning.  My wife enjoys the Fire Stick because it has an on-screen UI rather than having to open separate apps on her phone to watch content like we had to do with the Chromecast.We mainly use Plex, Amazon Prime Instant Video, Netflix, Hulu, and Flixster to watch movies and television.  Every app we have used worked really well at the beginning. (Noticing a theme here?)I wish I could say that we have found our perfect streaming device, but the issues it has prevent it from being so.  After running the Fire Stick for months, everything has started to slow down. The Fire Stick is slow to respond to button presses from the remote, the UI has become sluggish, apps are slow to respond (if at all), streaming buffers regularly, videos pause while the audio continues, videos go black while audio continues, apps freeze, etc. Our Fire Stick is not in a confined space, so there are not overheating problems due to lack of air flow. We are using the included extender which is supposed to help with wifi signal. I have been using the provided power supply brick and usb cable since the beginning. I have reset the device to factory defaults (which really sucks because you have to sit through the entire Welcome to Amazon Fire TV Stick video again as there's not way to skip it). I've uninstalled apps, cleared caches, cleared data, power cycled, etc. all to no avail. No matter what I do, the issues always come back shortly after trying different troubleshooting steps.I wish I could point all my issues to a recent software update, but unfortunately the problems occurred before and after the most recent update. I should also note, that my router is in close proximity to the Fire Stick and has excellent (80mbps) speeds with low ping.  I never had any of the streaming/buffering issues when running the Chromecast or doing anything else internet related, for that matter.I had contemplated buying a Fire Tv box, but with the problems we've had with the Fire Stick, I'm reluctant to drop $100 on a device by the same manufacturer.  I suppose I'll have to keep looking for the "perfect" media streamer.
I started writing this review while setting up a new FireTV Stick to go in another room of the house. From beginning to end is about 1 hour. It took 25 minutes for me to go from being a happy Amazon customer to one who will probably NEVER buy another Amazon branded electronic device.5 minutes in  -  One star since your instructions say the device is already registered to me since I purchased it here on Amazon with my Amazon Prime Account, but it is not registered and I hate entering secure (aka LONG) passwords in these horrible softkeyboards using a directional button. It was already a pain putting in the long wireless key. Why can't I just type some stupid random code into a browser window to register the device like with Hulu, Netflix or Amazon Prime? I wouldn't have cared as much if you didn't pretend to have a fast trouble free setup.It didn't help that for some reason the screen began to flash green while asking me for my account credentials. Unplugging from the HDMI port and re-inserting seems to have remedied it.It just gets worseOkay...5 minutes later it happened again. A quick Google search shows that this stupid device doesn't work with the Panasonic Plasma (1.5yrs old) in 1080p. Sweet. Where's the hardware compatibility list for this $40 garbage?  Looks like this is going back and I'm buying an AppleTV device or Chromecast. I really hate that you wasted my time with this BS Amazon. The device was going on Sony LED TV but I'm not in the mood to play games with Amazon when they can't seem to work out how HDMI standards work and there is no warning about it not working with certain major brand HDTV displays. What a waste of time. I'm generally an Amazon fanboy but this and a Xmas fiasco with Amazon's tablets is definitely eroding that.50 minutes in - After speed-reading a few forums and Amazon help boards it looks like the pixel orbiter that prevents burnin on Panasonic Plasmas is what the FireTVStick can't handle. It should stop if I disable that, at the expense of possibly damaging my screen on my $2k TV with apps on it to use this $40 device. Still going back. I don't appreciate the negatives before ever getting to use it. Choose another device folks.
Potentially a great item, which can make a "dumb" tv into a smart tv.  With the access to apps, etc. online as well as via the screen, it COULD be even better than our Vizio smart tv.BUT-  no access to streaming from broadcasters like ABC, CBS, NBC (though there is an app for access to PBS streaming).  Amazon has an app for CBS -but it only works on the Fire Tablet and Android devices.  (which makes one wonder what they are thinking)However, at least as perplexing is that it took 3 rounds of email and an extremely long chat session, in order to find out the above.  (In the 1st email, support said I could download the CBS app -apparently unaware it is not suitable for Firestick.  I learned that online.  In the 2nd email, which pointed that out and asked for a solution, I was told I would have to call -but the agent didn't include a phone number.)So, unless you simply cannot read the fairly simple directions that come with the Firestick, support is really of no help.However, the Firestick DOES make our "dumb" HD TV capable of accessing streaming from Netflix, PBS, and streaming from a few of the cable channels that we are subscribed to through our CATV provider.  The assortment of movies available through Prime is OK for my interests, but my wife found very little that she likes (Netflix has a better range).Functionally, it works great, and we'll use it to view Netflix when our trial of Prime expires.  (Actually, we've watched only a couple of things thru Prime in the past 3 weeks.)If Amazon adds apps to access streaming from the basic broadcast networks, and perhaps streaming from a few more CATV channels, this will be a much more useful device.  (for my purposes, the game apps are of no value)
I have two Roku devices, so my comments are based on a comparison between the Fire TV Stick and the Roku. I figure that there are many other people like me out there that want to know how this measures up.It's cheaper. It has a dual band (which the stick model of roku doesn't have) which is supposed to allow for better wifi reception. I can't say it's better than the single banded stick, because my roku stick is in the bedroom next to the modem. What I CAN say is that from the living room, my dual banded Roku 2 gets WAY better wifi reception than the Fire TV Stick. I actually bought the Fire TV stick for my aunt, who is in a nursing home. Dual banded or not, the Fire TV stick will not keep a wifi signal long enough to even get a movie loaded, even though the Wifi server is only about 150 feet down the hall, at most. I'll be giving this to one of my kids for Christmas. It's useless for what I bought it for.Both Roku and Fire TV allow pretty much "plug and play" capability with any TV that has an HDMI port. Both have remote controls, and both have remote control apps that you can download to your phone for even easier use.Fire TV has a very limited number of apps, or "channels" to select from. Most of the favorites are there (Netflix, Hulu, Pandora, etc) but it is definitely missing some that I can't live without... such as Vudu or any other movie network that you can stream your digital and ultraviolet copies from. Understandably so, I guess, since Amazon is naturally going to be proprietary. But Amazon doesn't allow you to link up to a UV library of films that you own, and until they do, Amazon's movie streaming is going to always be less desirable in my opinion. And that means that their Fire TV stick is going to be a distant second to Roku. Same goes for cloud based playlists. Amazon's Fire TV Stick will let you run Pandora, but you're screwed if you want to listen to a Spotify playlist that you pay a monthly fee to have access to.The Fire TV stick also loads the channels much slower than Roku.So there ya have it. Make your own choice. My choice will continue to be Roku.
Do not think Amazon's Fire TV Stick is a Chromecast imitation. For those looking for an Android on a stick to add the "Smart" to their existing TVs, Amazon Fire TV stick is most bang for the buck choice!I bought this Fire TV Stick during Amazon's pre-release promotion.  I didn't have much expectation at that time.After receiving the Fire TV Stick, I quickly realized the hidden potential of this device. And the best known secret of this device is the fact that you can sideload Android App. This is a killer feature for this device of this class. Without the need of rooting the device (and you can't), user can sideload (i.e. install without going through Google Playstore or Amazon appstore) Android apk files (app files).  The possibility of this is endless.For example, I use it together with some NAS apps (i.e. Synology DS files) together with some android player such as BS player and MX player. With these, I can play all sorts of media files from my NAS using the Android Fire TV Stick.Alternatively, user can install apps  like XBMC which opens up endless possibility of media streaming.Software:For the built-in UI  is very easy to navigate. It is true that without Amazon Prime, the pre-installed set of apps (music, prime video) are not very useful.  Therefore, for those without Amazon Prime, all the built-in  apps are not that useful. Personally, as a Amazon Prime user, I find the Amazon Prime video , Music do a very good job on the Fire TV Stick. I started regularly streaming music every since I got the Fire TV Stick. It is very handy and easy to navigate.Hulu Plus, PBS players and youtube all do a very good job without the need of  Amazon Prime membership.For those without Amazon Prime,  Fire TV Stick is still a very attractive device simply  because of the potential of sideloading Android apps. For Amazon Prime users, the addition of Prime Music and Prime instant video make it a sweeter deal.The software is very stable and I rarely run into situation where the device is frozen or requires reset.Hardware:The whole package is very well presented. Batteries are included for the remote control. The Fire TV stick has enough built-in memory to install most of the apps. Wifi  is definitely stable and have very good reception. The wifi capability is far better than any of those China made Android on a stick. Connection to the TV is very simple. The included hight quality power supply and the HDMI  extension cord (for tight space) are nice touches.The remote control has a very nice feel. The use of wireless remote instead of Infrared is definitely a good design choice since wireless remote does not requite line of sight to operate.  But occasionally, button presses would lag a little but it definitely not a deal breaker.As a bonus feature, the Fire TV Stick is HDMI-CEC compatible. This means that with a compatible TV, you can you your TV's remote control's direction, back and enter button to control Fire TV Stick. And this works very well.Compared to Chromecast:I also own a Chromecast. The fundamental difference between Chromecast and Fire TV Stick is that Fire TV stick is a smart device where Chromecast is more like a passive "slave" device that requires another device to control it or tell it what to play. Basically Android fire TV sick can do everything that Chromecast does except mirroring a phone screen.Shortcoming:The bigger shortcoming is that not all Android apps can be navigated using just the direction and enter keys. So at times, you'll need to resort to the android amazon Fire TV app that lets you use a soft keyboard. But even with that, there is still no official app that lets you do a mouse pointer which is required in many apps.The addition of bluetooth connectivity for other devices like mouse or keyboard would be welcomed.At the price of $39, there is really no competition. Any China made Android on a stick with similar  dual core CPU performance and a remote would cost more , not to mention that those devices typtically unstable  wifi and buggy software.At this price point, the only competition is the Chromecast. Chromecast costs $35 but without a remote. Also, it is a passive device, it requires another device (phone or tablet) to control it. The only thing that Chromecast beats the Fire TV stick is the screen mirroring feature. Other than that, Fire TV stick wins.In conclusion, I would highly recommend the Amazon Fire TV stick because of the potential of sideloading Android apps without rooting. With or without Amazon Prime, this is still the best device at this price point.
*** UPDATE : 05/08/2015 ***AMAZON,Please note below finding for your technical support and possible resolution with future updates on Fire TV Stick.My rating of this device has been upgraded to 4 stars from 3 stars. You can refer to my "Initial Impression..." for what I think of the device other than this update.The reason for my revision is because I've found the reason for the frame rate drop when playing YouTube and Vevo videos. When you first launch streaming service such as YouTube, you may encounter an option to adjust your screen output. This is due to overscan that typically happens with video output from HDMI. Which means you will have an option to shrink video size to fit the HDTV you have. If you do this, you will get video output that fills the screen without any cropping. This seems to come at a cost with Fire TV Stick because when scaling takes place, frame rate drops. Maybe this is due to overload on internal processor since it has to process HD video and scale it slightly for proper output. Whatever the case, as of today, I can confirm that my video output from YouTube and Vevo has been buttery smooth without any scaling most of the time and this in turn upgrades my rating from 3 stars to 4. HD video still stutter time to time and I would stay this is an issue with the device. I still do, however, have frame rate issue with scaling turned on but I can live with slight cropping of video output.- Initial Impression and ReviewOverall, the product works great and casual users of Neflix and Amazon Prime will appreciate snappy response of the device. Below are details that I've noticed while using the device.- The remote feels a bit cheap and light but functions very well. Maybe I appreciate Roku remotes more.- Sometimes one press of button registers as multiple inputs so when I push right once to browse, it will pass through several selections. It happens more often than I'd like and it can be annoying.- I get inconsistent frame rate on YouTube and Vevo apps. Audio is fine but video gets choppy and seems like it's dropping frame rate. It is confirmed on two different Amazon Fire TV Sticks. I do not experience this on PS4 nor old Rokus.- Amazon Prime centric home page is irritating. I am not a fan of Prime and I could careless of clutter that is Amazon Prime on my screen.- I have quite a few games on my cloud, Android games, but they do not show on my Games and Apps options. Perhaps Android version of the product isn't compatible.I hope future updates will address some of issues addressed here as the product has potential to be great.
So, I got the Fire Stick during the special $20 sale.  Was really excited to set it up as I have pretty much shed regular TV in the past few years.  I had been using my Apple TV and streaming from my iPad or iPhone.  This looked perfect; small size, great apps, Amazon behind it, and a great price.I've been using it for 4 months now to try to figure it out and only have about 6 apps installed.  I have to say I am so disappointed in this product.1.  If I watch something on an app for more than a couple of hours, it starts buffering, freezing, and just not performing well.  I then have to go and clear the app cache.  I counted the other day, I had to clear the YouTube app cache 6 times in a full day of watching.2.  The internet capability is pretty bad right now.  The stick is literally one foot away from the wifi router and it is constantly telling me that it is having trouble connecting.  Every other wifi thing in the place connects with absolutely no problems.  I troubleshot one day and turned every other wifi device off but it did not improve the quality on the Fire Stick.3.  Some of the apps have the worst UI.  The biggest one was the Twitch TV app.  This is the main reason I purchased the Fire Stick.  I watch a lot of Twitch TV during the day for background and filler noise.  The app is horrible.  No account sign in, no search, no anything.  I expected better on this one app seeing as Amazon owns Twitch.4.  The remote is crap.  Fresh out of the box the remote is either uber sensitive or uber non-responsive.  If I hit up on the pad, sometimes it doesn't move and other times it goes up 12 pages.  It also fails when hitting play or pause and suddenly the thing I'm watching is gone.  I started using the app on my phone to control things, but this should not be the solution for a new product.Short story short, I gave the Fire Stick it's due.  I searched the internet for fixes, I cleared caches, I reloaded apps, and I kept checking for firmware updates.  No go.  I have since moved my XBOX360 into the living room and my Apple TV into the bedroom and have had absolutely no problems with the apps I enjoy.  I plan on putting the Fire Stick in the guest room where it won't be used much, if at all.  I am so disappointed because I had such high hopes as I have been an Amazon fan since they first came into being.  Maybe in a few months I'll pull the Fire Stick into the light and see if things have been fixed or updated.  I'll keep giving it the college try, but for now, I need something with more reliability.
I use an Xbox, Apple TV and computer streaming. I thought the Fire Stick would be a good way to consolidate some of that streaming and be able to take it with me when I travel (which is frequent for work).  The Fire Stick has proven to be a simple, easy, fast way to stream. I couldn't be happier with it.It has a small form factor and the remote is small (er than the Roku), which I like.  Plugging it in and following the directions was incredible easy and took less than 4 minutes to log in, select settings and watch the tutorial.  It took a few minutes to put in my passwords for Hulu and Netflix etc. I used the iPhone app which made this process much easier, since I could type answers using the keyboard vs selecting single letters with the remote.Some people may not like that Amazon puts it's menu content front and center, but that seems a minor thing.  If you are a control freak and want to adjust every position of the menu, you may be disappointed. I found it cleanly laid out, intuitive and quick to navigate.Video quality is excellent. Shows start quickly (with Amazon content starting near instantaneous) and are clean, bright, crisp 1080p (depending on content of course).  The audio is equally excellent, streaming in 5.1 surround.Ease of use, speed, quality and function, this is an excellent product.  Why did I choose this over Roku? 1) I don't like the big, clunky outdated Roku remote. 2) Spec wise the Fire Stick has a more powerful processor, faster speed and more memory. While only a negligible difference now, as the 2 products update (and they do, my Fire Stick updated as soon as I plugged it in), the Roku will possible start to slow down. 3) I stream a lot of Amazon Prime and this is incredible fast/easy with the Fire Stick. 4) It came with an HDMI extender, Roku doesn't 5) I like the Amazon app better than Roku's. 6) I like then clean black form of the Fire Stick. Simple and it virtually disappears.[...]. Thanks for reading.
Pros: Cheap and simple.  Great for those who just want to stream video from one of the supported apps.  The second screen integration with Fire tablets works great.  X-Ray and jumping to scenes works great.  Video playback is smooth.The biggest thing that I do with my Amazon account is to stream Prime Music channels.  The device doesn't support this.  You can listen to playlists but not stations.  I have been doing this by mirroring my tablet display to my Smart TV.  But this doesn't always work well due to Miracast being such a poor technology.  Since this feature is missing, I haven't been able to make any progress in this areaEverybody hates remote controls. I have a Fire tablet.  I don't want to have to use the remote control that came with the Fire TV stick.  You have to use it in order to get the device initially setup.  Chromecast can be setup entirely from your tablet and this should be the same.  It's not just for setup.  I find myself getting the thing out all the time.  I should be able to do everything from my Fire tablet.  I can control every other single piece of my home theater equipment via tablet app and the marketing for this product makes it seem like you can, but the remote control app is awful and can't do everything.Display mirroring is supported but only via Miracast.  It works better than the version on my TV.  (Presumably due to MIMO) but it's still Miracast.  If you plan to do display mirroring, you will need a Chromecast as well.If the remote app were better and it supported prime music stations I would have given a 5 star review.  I knew about the Miracast limitation when I bought it.  I was hoping not to have to use the feature.  I'm not taking off any points for that.  Just letting people know.
I was impressed with the Fire TV stick. Small package, low price, but lots of functionality especially if you're an Amazon Prime member.Installation could not have been easier - plug it in, connect to power, set up WiFi and you're done!The user interface is fairly conventional (a grid), but easy to use and laid out well. The remote is very well-designed - small and uncomplicated, but has all the functions you might wish for in logical places. I wish it were backlighted, though. Black on black is hard to see in a dark room. I like remotes better than controlling my TV with my phone for some reason. Maybe it's this: Picking something to watch is a quite social activity, and best done on the big screen where everybody can see what's being considered. Either that or my aging eyes!Amazon's video streaming is great - titles start very quickly, and playback is stable HD (I have a decent internet connection though, so your mileage may vary).The stick supports a large number of apps including Netflix, but also obscure stuff like "Deutsche Welle". HBO Go is there, too, but apparently Comcast can't allow me to use it on this device. It works if you subscribe to HBO with other cable providers. Can't wait to cut these guys out of the loop!A few days ago, I had a problem with the Amazon Music app. After using it for while, all of a sudden my purchased music disappeared from the menu without a trace. Could not figure it out myself, so called tech support. I got to level-3 support within 10 minutes, and had it fixed within 15 (the solution was to clear the cache of the app, which can be done in a pretty obscure spot in the Settings menu). A good experience.All in all, I'm very happy with my purchase.
If I had known I could watch the WWE Network on it I would have bought it sooner! I LOVE this thing. I have a subscription to Amazon Prime, WWE Network, HBO Go, Netfilcks, and a few others. I can watch them all on my TV with this stick. I have it hooked up on the TV in the bedroom, But when there is a WWE pay per view on, we move it to the living room for viewing in there. We used to have to run a cable from the computer to the TV to watch the WWE Network on the TV, but not anymore. Now we just plug in the stick and we're good to go. It's super easy to install, super easy to get it started out of the box and super easy to move from one TV to another. I'm not crazy about the game apps available on it. I put a couple games on it and ended up deleting them. But I do LOVE the music. I transferred all of my MP3s from my computer to my stick. Many of them show the words on the screen as they play just like karaoke. My son just LOVES this. He puts on my music and goes crazy singing and dancing. I'm sure there are more features I haven't figured out yet. But the more I play with it, the more I absolutely LOVE it. I'm not a techie, and my main concern was that it was going to be difficult to get set-up and to use. But it arrived with all of my Amazon info already loaded on it, and I was watching Prime movies on it 10 minutes after taking it out of the box. Also, it is a pre-order deal. When I ordered it, I wanted it NOW and was not happy that the expected ship date was a month out. But it got moved up, and I had it within a week of ordering. I assume the pre-ordering was so that they could pre-load my info on it, which was totally worth the week's wait. All I can say is I used to watch Prime movies and TV shows on my computer. I used to watch HBO Go and WWE Network on my computer, or I had to run a cable from the computer to the TV to watch on the big screen. Now I watch it all directly on my TV using just this tiny little stick and I couldn't be happier.
I have one of these for our household and I bought one for my daughter's household. We both have 46-inch LED HDTV sets and fast wireless routers in our houses.The Fire TV stick is very easy to set up when you first plug it into your HDMI port on your TV. It walks you through the setup. You don't really need the manual. It was also easy to set up streaming on our wi-fi router. We were up and running in no time. Amazon has a great lineup of programming, It is actually mind-boggling what you can get via the Fire TV stick. There is so much content to watch, that I cannot even begin to list things we discovered. It is fun just going through the program guide, which kind of reminds you of Windows 8, and discovering interesting channels. Some channels (or apps if you will), like Netflix, will cost you  to watch. But there is a ton of free stuff if you are an Amazon Prime member. You get a trial subscription to Amazon Prime when you buy one of these, but I am an Amazon junkie, so I already have Prime Membership. Prime is well worth the $99/year when you see the large amount of programming that is available to you. I buy a LOT of stuff on Amazon because I live in the boonies and it is easier to get stuff on line than drive for miles and waste gas. So I use my Prime membership mostly to get free 2-day shipping. Free programming content via the Fire TV stick is just a bonus for me.We have not had any issues with program lags because of slow Internet connections. The Fire TV stick does some kind of magic buffering in the background so that you can watch shows without any program freezes on the screen. This is a great buy and may wean you from cable or satellite TV.
Let's see. First of all, I purchased the stick with a Prime account, hoping to receive it as soon as possible. When it finally shipped, I made sure I would be home at the time it was expected to be delivered. Shortly after lunch an alert sounded on my phone to notify me my stick had been delivered. I stepped outside my front door. Not a package to be found. I looked everywhere I could think of where a package might have been dropped off. Nothing. I contacted Amazon immediately. They told me to relax. The USPS had until 8 p.m. to complete the delivery. It's sure to show up. I left for the evening, came home and still no package. Called Amazon immediately again and was assured it would show up the next day. It didn't. Turned out the USPS lost the package and Amazon waited so long to do anything about it that it couldn't be recovered. So, just know Amazon places no emphasis on and puts no effort into holding the USPS accountable for upholding the delivery dates they promise their customers. Strike one. Eventually a replacement stick was mailed via UPS. It arrived without incident. Now I'm using it and two of the things I wanted to use the stick for most were MLB.TV and HBO Go. Last week I tried watching a few baseball games and each and every one of them buffered and stalled to the point I was lucky to see two straight pitches without interruption. I checked my internet speed. That wasn't the problem. Decided to try the MLB.TV app on my smart TV and, voila, the games play perfectly fine. Strike two. OK, so live action isn't the stick's strong suit. Fine. Surely it can handle streaming TV series. Well, not on HBO Go anyway. I've been trying to get into The Sopranos. It's a good show. I've enjoyed watching it. Except EVERY SINGLE TIME I LOAD UP THE APP, IT FREEZES, THE SCREEN TURNS BLACK AND I HAVE TO START BACK FROM THE MAIN MENU. Pathetic. And once I get it to play, once one episode ends, rather than skipping ahead seamlessly to the next episode, again, the screen just goes black. Strike three. Fortunately I do have a smart TV. Watch ESPN is the only app the stick has that my TV doesn't and apparently that's all it's good for. It'll pay for itself over time, but definitely isn't all it's cracked up to be. If it's a better product than the competition, then that's a sad statement on how far the technology still has to go.
The Google Chromecast was a great idea, but came up a little shy of the "Total Package", since it completely lacked the ability to operate on its own (it cannot even be connected to many hotel wireless networks), and had no 5GHz capability (Can you say range/speed limitations?).  Then, along comes the Amazon Fire TV Stick...PROBLEMS SOLVED.  Now I can browse to the Hotel's wireless registration re-direct page, in order to get internet access; at home, I can go ahead and connect to my 5GHz network for better wireless range, speed and latency.  I do wish that the Wireless Display feature was available from the main navigation menu, rather than having to drill down into settings, but it's a small price to pay for such a big functional improvement.  The CPU/GPU offers plenty of horsepower to run the apps and games you've been using on your phone/tablet (it's pretty impressive for a tiny device) and the remote is nice and simple, but still perfectly functional.  Amazon's app selection is pretty good, but side-load Kodi (which runs smooth as silk chocolate), and your content options are limitless!  Even if you're NOT an Amazon Prime member, this stick can (and will) give you access to a plethora of handy apps and features on your TV.  What's not to love?  I just ordered a second stick for my mother, and I foresee a third one for my daughter to take with her to college.  Please believe me, this stick has far more functionality than what Amazon describes in their product description...just do a quick web search of Fire TV Stick and read a few techie reviews, and you'll discover all kinds of great ideas for it.  And, as I mentioned above, side-loadind Kodi may very well change the way you think about TV...just read a little bit about Kodi and TVAddOns...you'll love 'em.  Here's a good place to start: http://www.htpcbeginner.com/best-kodi-addons-2015-for-cordcutters/
I purchased a firetv stick a month ago from Staples. When I tried to connect it to my tv it would not work. After an hour on the phone with amazon customer service I was told that the device I purchased was an older version and that one of the software updates was a patch to allow it to connect to 5Ghz networks. Since I have a 5Ghz network the device cannot connect to get the update, so the agent mailed me a new firetv stick. No problem.I received my new stick in the mail quickly and tried to connect it, after downloading updates, the stick still wouldn't work. I called back to customer service and after another hour and resetting the device multiple times it seemed like it was working.In the next 2 weeks I tried using the firetv device 3 or 4 times and each time it wouldn't work.I finally had a few hours to spend on the issue so I spoke to a tech support agent and explained that the stick powers on and comes to the home screen where it shows movies, etc. that are viewable. When I select something it just buffers and then goes back to the home screen, then the home screen shows no options and just says home not available. When I check the network on the stick it says "very good" connection and "connected", I have a 50Mbs connection with a wireless N router, I have 13 other devices in the house that all connect fine and have no issues, when I speedtest with my phone sitting next to the firetv stick I get about 35Mbs Down, and about 18Mbs up. So there is not issue with my network or speed.What the agent said next blew my mind. He asked me how far the stick was from my router, I guessed about 20 ft. He told me, "the FireTV Stick will not work unless it is within 8ft of the router"!!! What!! Amazon markets this as a device you can use in a hotel room, or a dorm, it's to add a TV in another room without needing to run cords!! How could 8ft be it's max range? I specifically asked the Amazon agent "What you're saying is that amazon put a cheap Wi-Fi antenna in the FireTV stick and so it will not work more than 8ft from a router?", the agent said "yes". I asked for a supervisor, and was connected with someone named E.J., I asked EJ about the range capabilities and he stated that the "optimal range" of a FireTV stick is 8-15feet!! I grabbed a measuring tape and the tv that the Firetv stick will not work on is 12 feet from my router, but there is also a wall. When I plugged the stick into a tv that is 1 foot from my router it worked just fine. I have tablets, smartphones, and even a roku stick that all work fine more than 25 feet from my router, through multiple walls, and will stream flawlessly. Lets just say I am disappointed.To sum up, the FireTV stick has a beautiful user interface, is easy to set up, and looks nice. The issues is that it doesn't do the one thing that you need it to do, work wirelessly. If you are using this device in the same room as your router it will work fine, otherwise you are out of luck. If you are looking for a device that will connect your tv in the same room as your router, I suggest going with a device that allows for a wired connection you will have a more reliable signal.Amazon should pull this product off the market. By continuing to sell it they are only going to take loyal amazon customers, like myself, and make us angry.
I bought this device to use with Plex. I can stream from Plex just fine to my 3 year old Sharp Smart TV just fine, even HD videos, but the tv interface is pretty horrible, so I bought the Fire Stick to get a nicer interface. It looked like a no brainer to me, simply plug this into a spare hdmi port and viola, all will be awesome!Connecting the device to my tv was simple, as well as connecting it to my network.  The wifi router is at the same location, a few feet away. Setup took about 5 minutes in total.  Streaming from my Plex server to the FireStick is pretty much unusable, even at the lowest bandwidth settings. The video will play for a few minutes, then just stop. It will USUALLY restart streaming, perhaps after 20 seconds, although sometimes the device will reboot. It makes the video unwatchable. So much for Plex. I guess its back to the horrible tv interface, or,  I can stream from Plex to my laptop or any of my phones with no troubles.  Ok, as I'm an HBO subscriber, I added HBO Go. I have the same pausing on here, though not as often. I was able to watch a movie with only 3 pauses.  When I first connected it, I had a video (apparently to stream from Amazon) in the 'My Video' category. I didn't get to try that, since after the firmware update last week, that video is now gone, so I can't test streaming from Amazon.  Next, I downloaded Hill Climb Racing. Its a fun (free, with in game purchasing.) This game periodically pauses for 1/2 second, then continue. Not a deal breaker, but not right either.  The same game is smooth as butter on 2 of my cell phones.  Performance wise, it gets 0 stars. It doesn't work very well at all for anything I need it to work for.  Setup gets 2 stars, it was quick and easy  Customizing gets 1 star. There are several menu items I would like to hide, but am unable to.  The remote gets 3 stars. It works very well.  Oh yeah, on my Sharp 60" tv, I have it plugged into hdmi port 3. When I am watching either hdmi 1 (cable box) or hdmi 2 (dvd player), there is a low frequency hiss (more like a rumble), even with the tv volume all the way down. The only way to stop it is to unplug the Fire Stick. This is unacceptable.
After spending several days reading reviews on various streaming media players for my family (single mom with a 12 and 7 year old), I decided the Fire stick was the device for me.  I have not been disappointed!  Upon initial start-up I did have to go into Settings and choose to update in order for the Netflix and Sling apps to work.  Once I did, everything has worked smoothly.  Transitioning between various apps is seamless.  I was a little worried about the size of the remote and whether my son would have difficulty using it...I'm not sure what I was thinking.  Of course, at 7, he had NO problem!  I am planning to get the controller remote also, since he does play some games on there.  I am a Prime member, and I use Amazon music a lot, so this works really well for me!  I love the Amazon music playlists...so whatever I'm in the mood for, I can stream through the TV...WITH lyrics.  If I was inclined to have a karaoke party in my living room, I could!I chose not to get the Fire TV because it would not have made much of a difference for me based upon my current internet connection.  The Chromecast was a no go, because it lacked an actual remote.  I thought about a Roku but the reviews for the speed and content available for such a portable device as the Fire Stick seemed like a no-brainer.  Better yet, I can take it with me while visiting family and plug it in and access my stuff.  Perfect!  I highly recommend!!The one negative is that Amazon does not carry Kodi in the app store.  I'm pretty disappointed about that.For comparison, I have used the following for my streaming media:  Wii, Raspberry Pi, Apple TV and years ago some generic box.
I am not that tech savvy, but know enough to be dangerous to myself.  I was very impressed with the Fire Stick and let me say, very little impresses me.  I received it in the mail within the time frame Amazon stated.  I opened it up and read the directions---very little to do, that's good because if I have to spend to much time figuring it out, it is a bye-bye item,  installed it as directed, found my router, typed in password, and there ya go!!  I browsed all the choices Amazon provided and was not disappointed.  I believe this is a great alternative to those who don't have the money for the bells and whistles, don't want the bells and whistles, your area doesn't have cable, or you want to minimize your monthly bills. Parents can put parental locks on to keep the kids safe but still be able to play games and watch their movies.  Of course, you need a higher speed internet.  Become a prime member and it is a "cheap date".  Games, music, TV, movies, and rental movies, it's all there to try on your prime membership.  It's a good way to maximize your prime membership, too. The "Stick" was 39.00 plus tax and the prime for a year, $99.00.The brag was you can take your "Stick" on a trip, to another location, and still use it.  So I decided to try that.  Sure enough, I hooked up with the wireless at another location and guess what, it knew me.  It works the way they said.  Good brag!!!  Think vacation or business trips, primes!! I will be selling the pros of this "cheap date" again this weekend.  The only con is I am a movie nut.  The movies that they have in prime need to have a little bit more of an upgrade to newer movies for prime members thus the 4 stars instead of 5.  Hey, you have room for improvement!!  The selection is good, but just a thought!!This little darling was a pleasant surprise to me.  For $39.00 + you got your own little honey.
TLDR: If you are the type of person who still doesn't own a smartphone or tablet, and can tolerate the slow input of a remote, then maybe this product is for you. Personally I would not have let it leave the drawing board. This would have been a great device in the age before smartphones and tablets. I think the hardware is a nice upgrade over the first gen Chromecast but attempts to be way more than it should without nailing the basics first.I got this for the $20 introductory price. After already owning a Chromecast I kind of just wanted to give this a try for comparison sake. I figured the additional memory, dual core process, and especially better WiFi would improve startup times and provide better quality. I honestly don't know if any of that is true because the usability is just so much worse than my Chromecast. This thing gets 0 use in my household.Failures:I tried casting from Netflix (iPad) to Fire TV. On a Chromecast it would launch Netflix, and then begin streaming. On Fire TV I am instead promoted to login... what???! I had to take out the stupid remote and manually type character by character. Perhaps there is some app for this that might be easier via phone, but it's still pointless (and voice doesn't work for email/pwd login). Chromecast Just Works. I and my girlfriend have phones, tablets and PCs. We can cast from any of these which are at our finger tips. We even have different Netflix accounts - both seamlessly work with Chromecast.I've paid for Plex on iOS and Android. I can cast again from any device to my Chromecast. Truly a great experience. Apparently I need to pay for the Plex app AGAIN on the Amazon Fire TV Stick. I'm not even sure if I can properly cast Plex or I would be forced to use the terrible remote again.I still can't cast Hulu. Again I am forced to interact with the device directly. I never want to do that.
Be careful! The Fire TV Stick will not work with many HDMI receivers. If your receiver is even slightly old (say 3, 4 or 5 years old) your HDMI receiver may not support HDCP protocol (i.e. content protection) and therefore you will see a blue screen saying "HDCP unathorized. Content Disabled."The first day I used the Fire TV Stick it worked great! But the 2nd day I used it I got the blue screen "HDCP unathorized. Content Disabled". After a lot of debug I found that the Fire TV Stick would work when directly plugged into my TV HDMI port but not when plugged into my Receiver HDMI port.Amazon telephone support just told me "the Fire TV Stick is not meant to be used through a receiver, please plug it directly into the HDMI TV." Then how do I get 5.1 surround sound? Why doesn't the Fire TV Stick purchase website warn the purchaser that this device won't work through many HDMI receivers?The Fire TV Stick also damaged my HDMI receiver's ports. How, even without the Fire TV Stick, my Samsung Blu-Ray HDMI Receiver doesn't work through HDMI to any TV. It was working perfectly on the 1st day I used the Amazon Fire TV Stick but on the 2nd day and every day after that I am no longer able to get HDMI video through my Samsung receiver to the HDMI TV. Even when using different HDMI cables and on different HDMI monitors.Amazon telephone support told me this was a Samsung issue not an Amazon issue. I contacted Samsung support and they said my HDMI receiver would require service because it appears the HDMI paths are no longer working.I will ask Amazon to repair my Samsung receiver (or replace it). The Fire TV Stick shouldn't be damaging HDMI ports. I hope they will help me. I will submit an update later as to what I find.UPDATE on 12-July-2015:Amazon credited me for my damaged Samsung HDMI/BT/DVD receiver. I am now instead using the Fire TV Stick via HDMI directly on my TV and not going through the receiver (hence no 5.1 surround sound!!!).But for the last several weeks I have been having WiFi disconnection problems. The Fire TV Stick frequently disconnects from WiFi, this results in streaming video playback to be very start-and-stop. My kids get so frustrated when they're watching a show and it says "buffering...." and then waits and waits then finally resumes. I have restarted my ATT Uverse Wifi router many times, restarted the Fire TV Stick many times and it still keeps doing this. It didn't do this a couple months ago.My Uverse WiFi router is in the SAME ROOM as the Fire TV Stick and the router statistics show that the Fire Stick (android-based device) has the highest signal strength of anything on my WiFi network, so it is not a signal strength problem. All of my other devices (Laptop, 2 iPhones, and 2 iPads) continue to stream beautifully even while the Fire TV Stick suffers intermittent connectivity. HELP AMAZON!
As an owner of chromecast, roku and the fire stick I have used a lot of these kinds of devices. In general the Amazon fire stick works very well and is my current go to for my main TV. It does a very nice job presenting the whole Amazon video ecosystem, even putting all the free prime items together in one place, rather than doing some weak marketing attempt to force users to wade through paid content to get to the free - a very nice touch.  Two things I really like that are not obvious. First the parental controls are head and shoulders above other solutions. Part of the issue is that services like Netflix which have apps for fire stick have horrible approaches to this. So having them in decent form on the fire stick is really great, helping cover for inadequacy in the numerous apps I have loaded. The second thing I really like is the selection of apps is really much better than expected. In fact there is even one that turns the fire stick into an AirPlay compatible device, which if you are on ios is really great (think it was $.99 for that app though. Well worth it!)A couple nit picks I hope will get addressed through an update. The parental controls should be set up so that the parent can okay a show or an app use one time at a time, as well as an option to allow use for some time period. Right now it prompts you to just disable the setting, which means after a show you have to remember to go in and turn the setting back on. The other item is that I really wish they had the simple.tv app available for it, like it is on roku. Again, these are but picks because in so many ways the fire stick does everything else really well!Update - changing to 4 star because of the parental control not auto-engaging after allowing access to an app. What this has ended up meaning is that more often than not the parental controls get forgotten. There really needs to be options for: 1 time approval for that one app/show/etc., a time based approval (for next 1/2/4 hours), and then a permanent off option (which is basically what it is now). This should be integrated into the UI right at the point where the content is blocked.
Went through three different devices and none of them worked properly. The first one I received would not connect to wifi at all. It detected the signal as "very good" but would just not connect. It was very frustrating. I think I typed in my wifi password about 20 times. I had been excited to use this while on my treadmill. After chatting with Amazon customer service they told me it must be a defective device. They sent me a new one and I did get this one to connect and work. After updating itself for about 1 hour (!!!) the thing was good for a couple of minutes! I tested it out by watching a few minutes of Netflix. However when I exited the app, the network connection was lost. Grr. So I tried to reconnect, again to the "very good" signal wifi, but it would not authenticate. I tried to connect about 15 times until I finally gave up and turned the thing off. I came back a few days later and what do you know, the Fire Stick actually worked! I watched a few programs on Amazon Instant Video and I was happy with it for about two uses and then it mysteriously lost the connection again and wouldn't authenticate the wifi connection. This is the most frustrating device I've ever encountered. I want to be clear - there is no problem with my wifi signal. My laptop, phone, PS3, XBox, and Wii all connect to it and stream with no problems. I even tried it on different TV's in my house to make sure it wasn't just a weird spot of interference or something.So anyway this replacement device worked for me a total of about 5 times on and off. Sometimes it would connect, most times it would not. I loved the thing when it actually worked! I just wish they would work out the kinks. I got a 2nd replacement device recently after becoming really frustrated about the connection. The next device Amazon sent would not connect to the network at all. So after trying three of these stupid things I decided to just return it and buy a used Wii (about $40) that lets me stream Netflix and Prime Instant Video. The other streaming stick options all seem to have similar problems (from reading reviews of them). The Wii is a lot bulkier but at least I know it works every time and I won't be wondering every time I turn it on if it's going to connect or not. I hope Amazon improves this device's networking capabilities in the future because it really is a great device when it actually works.
This review pertains to the Fire TV stick only, as I had other items delivered with this order and i don't want the reviews mixed.  First, there are two other pieces that come with your Fire TV Stick that are not shown - an adapter that changes the stick from USB to HDMI and a cord that plugs into wall.  Very important that you plug it into the wall for better connection and power.I connected all the parts, while telling myself "I don't think I am going to like this."  My skeptical thoughts were based on reading tech reviews on speed or lag while moving from one place to another. I also kept saying to myself, "I wonder if I should have gotten the Five TV box versus the Fire TV Stick." However, I like to try things for myself before I agree with the majority.The Fire TV stick was so easy to set up...plug into HDMI; plug cord in wall; turn on tv; and viola up pops the little guy who walks you through connecting to wifi and also lets you know that is a manual there should you need it.  The Fire TV stick came registered to my Amazon account already, but please know if you are giving this as a gift to someone else, then chose gift so that it does not arrive to the other person registered to you.  They will have to register it for themselves.Now for the good stuff, in my humble opinion.  As a prime member, the entire library of shows, movies and games were available to me.  Netflix, Tubitv and Pluto Tv is also available for you to register for.  It has free shows and movies.  I am uncertain if there are paid shows or movies there as well because I did not venture that far yet.  I did log into my Netflix as I wanted to see what the lag rate was for me; again, please be aware that again in my humble opinion, the amount of time it takes to navigate or load a movie might be based on your ISP upload and download rate.  So if you have the basic internet service it might take a bit longer than the 4 secs it took to load a movie or navigate.I purposely jumped around between TubiTV, Netflix, Prime Instant Videos, and Pluto Apps just to see how long it would take to load or play a movie or show.  On good weather days the load time was about 2-4 seconds; and on the days it was raining very badly it took about 2-6 seconds.  The bottom line is that things loaded extremely faster than i imagined.  Even if I had to pause my show, the restart time was almost instantly.Initially, I connected the Fire TV Stick to my Television in the living room so that I could watch while I crafted.  That night, I just unplugged it from that television and plugged it into the HDMI slot in my bedroom and viola everything started from where I left off.  I only had to click on my recent Button and my movie started again. To further test, I went to visit a friend 82 miles from my home and took my Fire TV Stick with me.  I plugged into their television and the only thing I needed to do was to connect to their wifi.  Amazing!Last, I downloaded the Fire TV app from the Google store and turned my LG G3 into a remote control where I could voice search.  I have not tried to play the games using my phone as a remote yet, but have used the remote control that comes with the Fire TV stick...fun fun.I honestly have nothing bad to say about the Fire TV Stick, which is surprising since I am my worse critic, as I have been told.  I give the Amazon Fire TV Stick 5 stars, because it has lived up to everything that it advertises it can do.  Perhaps for Christmas I will get a couple of Game Remote Controls for the Grands to play with.In my opinion, sometimes, Less is more and big things definitely come in little packages.  I have recommend this to quite a few family members over other brands and perhaps one day I will be afforded the chance to try the Amazon Fire TV Box.  But until then, I am extremely happy with my purchase.If you have any questions that I am able to answer, I will share.  Please be aware that I am just a user and and am still learning all the features available on the Fire TV Stick.  I do not have the upgraded remote control or the Game remotes.Have Fun!So I have
What a terrible device.  I was looking at the Fire Stick and comparing it to the Chromecast device while it was on sale and about the same price.  I ended up deciding on the Fire Stick since it supports Miracast (the more widely standardized wireless screen sharing method) as well as being one of the few products Amazon has deigned to allow access to Amazon Video (that has some free content with my Prime membership).One initial word of warning on this product, they list that Fire TV Stick is _capable_ of doing voice input searches, but what they don't make obvious is that you have to purchase a separate remote control that can actually do the voice input, the standard one does not have voice input at all.  I noticed this before I purchased the Fire TV Stick, but the advertising was very misleading and sketchy so I thought I'd point it out.The installation and setup was a breeze, especially compared to the weird and misleading setup I ended up going through when I eventually bought my Chromecast as well.  Fire TV Stick was just a simple plug-in, connect to your WiFi using the onscreen prompts, and sign in to your Amazon account the same way.  After that it was ready to go and you could start watching movies or TV immediately if it was from Amazon Video.Fire TV Stick runs Amazon's Android fork, much like they're Fire phones, tablets, TV, and other smart devices, but they don't seem to have learned anything from the utter failure of Google TV that tried to do the same with a special fork of Android provided by Google itself.  Most video sources like HBO, Showtime, ESPN, Netflix, and Hulu are just the Android apps with a little UI work from Amazon to make them show up on TVs better.  This does make the in-video experience better than Google TV was, but they don't do anything to help with the navigation and use when you're not in-video.  Navigating the UI is terrible, you have a 4 direction pad with an OK button in the middle for your remote, but the up and down directions are only used as actual directions about half the time with the up direction working like a back button and the down button working like the OK button the other half of the time.  This is particularly annoying when you're trying to interact with the large poster based lists the UI is based on.  You navigate from the home screen up and down to one of the fixed categories Amazon has provided (you can't actually change these, they've already decided them for you) and press right or OK to enter the list.  The screen then changes to a single left-right sliding list of posters with 3/4 of a line of text below each.  They seem to have made sure the 3/4 of a line of text is just enough that you can't get any useful information out of it without actually opening whatever's associated with the poster.  Pressing down (to navigate to the apparently expandable text below the poster) or OK will expand the poster to add two long buttons below the poster and above the text that are context related (i.e. "add to watchlist" and "watch now").  If you press down a few times you'll eventually be able to reach the text itself, which is a selectable button, so you can expand it and see more lines of description (still terse and generally not enough to be useful).  If you press up at this point, expecting to navigate from the text you just selected back up to the buttons above it, you'll be surprised to find that it actually didn't leave the text or any of the buttons selected, but reselected the poster at the top (which has no indication when it's selected once the buttons are expanded) and pressing up will act like a back button, kicking you completely out of the list.  "Ok, there are some kinks in how you interact with the UI" you might be thinking, "that's no reason to give up on the whole system".  I would tend to agree, however it gets so much worse.Let me start by pointing out that Netflix is an app that actually comes pre-installed on the Fire TV Stick, an app that works basically exactly the same as on any SmartTV, Smart Blueray Player, and most mobile devices.  This was a necessary decision for Amazon, but ends up very very bad for them.  Netflix has a nice smooth UI, presenting both TV shows and movies with nice detailed descriptions about the content (maybe slightly lacking in the specific episodes for TV shows case), and organizes things in a coherent layout using the same left-right large scrolling poster layout as Fire TV Stick.  They have a single entry for a TV show, and then have all seasons of the show listed under it followed by individual episodes listed under each season.  They show your last tracked progress through each of the TV episodes and movies from any device you might have watched it on.  Fire TV Stick manages to fail miserably at doing basically any of this.  They have a "recommendations" section for Amazon Videos limited to Prime videos (free with Prime membership) as well as one that's not limited to Prime videos, and movie/show types in lists under those headings, but that's where organization and logic stop.  TV shows aren't under a single heading, they're scattered about by season.  If a show  from the recommended list looks interesting, there's a 90% chance you're going to have to exit back to the main menu and perform a manually typed text search for the show name in order to find any one specific season (i.e. the first season).  The search results will not be ordered by increasing season number, they'll be randomly thrown together, and there's no easy way to determine which one of the many hits (some that simply don't have posters for a show in which other seasons do have posters) corresponds to which season since the only indication is in the first line of the description that doesn't show up until a poster is highlighted.  Even better, if the show has a name more than about 25 characters long (including spaces) then the season number will be past the end of the 3/4 line cut off for the brief description that shows up when you highlight a poster and will require you to highlight the poster, navigate down to the text (3 buttons down), and finally select the text.  Once you've selected the text, the previous navigation problems apply, focus has been invisibly reset to the main poster and hitting the up direction will actually kick you out of the entire search, requiring you to type the entire search request again to get the list back (sometimes in a different order this time).  These negative comparisons to Netflix don't stop there though, Amazon has apparently decided that if you want information about a movie or show, you should probably look it up on IMDB or google it yourself on your phone or computer.  They provide next to no information about the actual content they provide, only having enough to allow you confirm it's what you're looking for if you already know the exact thing you're trying to find.  For a product in which a large portion is dedicated to providing recommendations, this is a massive failure.  Netflix provides basic things like production date (so you can tell if it's the original or a remake at a glance), lets you actually enter your ratings for content directly in the UI (Fire TV Stick makes you go to your computer to look it up manually if you want to rate it and get better recommendations), lists some key actors in the movies, and gives a nice synopsis paragraph that makes it about equivalent to what you could find on the back of a DVD case.  Amazon gives you 3 sentences, with the first sentence being the name of the show or movie, and the other two frequently being as useful as "The New York Times rave reviewed movie of the year in 2009" instead of any description of what it's about if you don't already know.Overall the UI and access to content is so terribly done, I'd give the Fire TV Stick a hard pass.  Already having it I'll keep it, but mostly because it was only $35 and there's the outside chance they might update it to be something useful.  The only selling point of the product is that you can actually access the Amazon Video content which is extremely limited in mobile and TV connected devices and so terribly done on full blown computers as to be nearly impossible.
Very close to a 5 star... I was having NO luck with Hulu Plus on a Panasonic (2014) and Samsung (2015) BluRay's for Hulu Plus... They both were nightmares, always pausing, almost impossible to restart (Maybe after 5 minutes, to the point you give up and try again another day)They also wouldn't stay connected to the network and would require me to input my password repeatedly... Good luck on connecting after that... I confirmed through a sports message board that others were having issues with Hulu Plus on BluRay's of various manufacturers...Some liked Roku3, and Chrome... I opted for Fire because I have an account and because of the price... I have entered my network password on Fire once in a week now... That being said, here are the Fire issues... NOTHING compared to the BluRay's...1) Pauses every once in a while, but hitting the center button at the top... The unmarked center, revives it... No lag2) Pausing too long takes it to a screen saver and then you have to go back through the menu to get to the show again... I haven't adjusted settings if that is it, as it is no big deal considering what I went through with the Blu-es3) Doesn't shut down that I know of... It does go into sleep mode, as far as I can tell, because switching inputs the next day is a blank screen until I press a button... I would have to hook up the power meter to figure out if it's really draining electricity or if it truly is in sleep... There should be a message saying "Goodbye" or "Resume by pressing any button" if it is in sleep...That's it... $39 to find out... I can't explain it, just happy I could return the Bluray's to Costco, because for whatever reason, they don't work
Slightly disappointing but might be the right device depending on how you plan to use it. This was my second Fire TV stick that I ordered in addition to the more powerful Fire TV (the box). While the larger Fire TV device is, basically flawless in terms of it's performance, the stick can't quite live up to the same standard. Basic services like Amazon Prime Video and Netflix work perfectly fine but the device seems to get bogged down over time after using several different application (especially Plex). The wifi connection also seems to be a bit flaky. Every once in a while the Fire TV stick refuses to connect to the network and the device requires a restart (hold down the center and play buttons at the same time). The miracast feature is also pretty much worthless to me since neither one of laptops (high end Dell XPSs) is actually able to establish a connection with the device. I would like to note that my router is a Netgear Nighthawk, which has been absolutely flawless in terms of performance and has never given me any connection problems with my devices. At this point I ordered another Fire TV (the box) to replace the stick used in my main home theater. I am keeping one of the Fire TV sticks to be used in the bedroom TV where performance is not as much of a factor.Small issues with the Amazon app ecosystem in general:-No dedicated Vudu app (and using flixster results in severely degraded video quality which makes the service kind of worthless).-Amazon Music seems to be poorly integrated. If you want to see your new playlists and albums you have to sync the device every time. Also, all of the playlists and music albums have to first be added to your account on another device since there doesn't seem to be an option for it on the Fire TV itself.Side note to Amazon:I think the wifi/performance problems might be related to the device simply overheating. Plex streaming really seems to stress the device and causes it to become genuinely hot to the touch resulting in a lot of lag and generally weird behavior.Summary:This can be a great and fairly cheap solution to bringing streaming services to all of the televisions in the household as long as you recognize its limitations.
After having used and tinkered with it for 4 months, I now feel I can fairly review it - I personally find "I got this today" reviews of something like this a bit lacking. I have access to Amazon Prime built into my circa-2012 Vizio TV (purchased secondhand from someone moving overseas), but I couldn't get subtitles and my hearing is not so good, especially when people have strong accents or soundtrack music is loud, so I bought the Fire TV Stick almost specifically for that. I would rather have gotten the box model but $99 was just out of my budget. I guess you get what you pay for though.The main issue I have with this device is slowness/lag. With the extender dongle, it is literally 15" from my WiFi router (which is not even 2 years old) so there really is no excuse. HBO specifically is atrocious, hanging every couple of minutes, but the response from using the remote is often very slow as well. Replacing the remote battery did not help, not that I thought it would because I hadn't been using it anywhere near long enough for the battery to be exhausted. It's the Stick itself. Videos from the PBS app also have been lagging some in the last few weeks and even Prime videos do sometimes which is intensely frustrating. ASAP NEVER works for me. I know it's not my internet connection speed because I routinely stream from other sources including a HDMI cable plugged into my laptop which is connected to internet via WiFi and the speed is perfectly adequate. Streaming music from the radio apps,  Prime Music, or Spotify (although the Spotify apps are terrible, someone please kick them to come out with the regular app in this format) is much better, I guess audio-only has much lower demand on the gadget. I don't think I would want to try playing games on it.Setup was tedious, mostly stripping out garbage apps with which it came preloaded, which took forever using that silly little remote. I really disliked the Android remote control app, I found it prone to locking up and dropping connection, and it needed to be re-paired every single time I started it, so it is more trouble to me than it is worth. I'm not going to buy the other remote because I dislike using voice commands as I have a naturally soft voice and it never gets picked up properly (and living in an apartment building with the usual thin walls, shouting at my remote at 2am is unkind to my neighbors, to say the least. Deleting the crap-apps via the website using my laptop doesn't seem to remove them from the Stick, not quite sure why, the icon remains with a box asking to install the app. I would much rather have had it arrive with the bare bones and added what apps I wanted.If you are expecting to be able to mirror your devices, do some research first - I can't mirror either my 2012 Nexus 7 tablet or my LG Lucid phone. That's a little disappointing because sometimes I'd like to stream a movie via a website (speaking of which, why isn't there a decent web browser app for this gadget?) while using my laptop for something else.However, the X-ray feature is definitely snazzy and I've gotten a bit spoilt by it, to the point where sometimes I'll try to access it by habit on other streaming apps where it doesn't work. :)
I will try to keep this review quick, and to the point. I REALLY, REALLY wanted to give this thing 5 stars. I did. It works. It does what it is supposed to do. 98% of the time. It has some neat tricks and plenty of apps to use with it. I will try to speak on what I like about it and what could maybe use some improvement. In my opinion. What matters to me, may not matter to some.Good:Easy set up. Plug in. (Powered USB port on TV will work, it has to be a real USB port not just the service USB port.) Play.Comes preregistered to your account. Which is nice.Most of the great apps, Netflix, Prime, WatchESPN, Pandora, Hulu, Plutotv, HBOGO, youtube, etc..You can play some games, even with the remote. The kids enjoy that part.Out of site, out of mind.Slim easy to use remote, which doesn't require line of sight.Snappy and quick. (Mostly)Price.Picture quality gets to 1080p fast.Not so good:No VUDU/Ultraviolet app. I know this must be some Ego clash between Wal-Mart and Amazon, but really? The Blu-rays and DVD's Amazon sells have digital copy... to Vudu or UV... Silly, flixster works ok and fills in a good part of the gaps, but its interface is lacking and it doesn't carry all the movies in your UV account.Prime is pushed way to hard.. Prime is the main interface of the system. Yes its an Amazon device, I understand their need to push their products, but... ughhhh. On most other streaming devices you click on the Amazon app then you select prime from the options and away you go. In this Amazon is "HOME" with prime and paid co-mingled together. Yes you can get to prime, but its not user intuitive. Plus, if my kids watch 5 mins of 10 different children's shows, my "HOME" is loaded with their covers pushing the other Apps into the background. Not to mention the disappointment with oh wait that is a paid movie. It isn't a nightmare, but it's annoying.Not snappy. Yes I mentioned above about it being snappy and it is 98% of the time. Until it decides to pause 5 seconds in between actions. Like switching apps or the voice and sound continue on your show but the picture stops, then everything runs at hyper-speed until it catches up. I know nothing is perfect, this happens just often enough to cause some aggravation.Overall:Great product, I wanted it to be perfect. It isn't. I still would recommend to anyone wanting an easy, out of the way streaming option. Plenty of more options than what I get on my smartTV. Nice price and seems to be of good quality. Software probably needs a little tweaking. But overall its good stuff.
I originally bought 2 of the Fire Sticks but one was messed-up when I got it and while waiting for the two sticks...I was reading about the Fire TV which I like the set up better and the voice thing is kinda cool...for about three minutes...Since I am also going to put a review about the Fire TV after this review...I'll just give the basic word of caution.One of the reasons I bought these sticks...whatever..was actually saving me on the difference in the cost of Smart TVs and the stick (hey, as much as $200-300. And hey...no subscriptions for a whole lot of it.BIG BAD "MUST KNOW" FOR COMCAST PROVIDED!Comcast is the only holdout who will not allow the HBO2GO streaming...the only one. They are also blocking it on PS3 & PS4.Oh, oh, oh...I forgot to mention that you to (if you use the OneClick)... stop it immediately!! My cats ordered three movies while I was at the store because I left the remote on the sofa and if you don't "logout"...a few pressured steps with no time limit on inputting information allows my party pussys to o0rder the movies BUTTTTTTTTTTTT because there is another step which actually requires the mouse or whatever to be moved and follow a command which allows me to cancel before bought, but it is because of  "One-Click" activated is kinda like butt-dialing people when you didn't mean to.Give them their own power source with surge protection, these things seem to be ubber sensitive to anything to takes away from their sources.I am on the fence about the pluses and minuses,IF....  you have  one tv that is NOT in an area where other electronics are on, etc. then it's good because the stick is wireless...you'll love it.IF...  you have the surround sound, CPU, router, modem...yadda, yadda, yadda in some "entertainment center then the ONLY way to go is the Fire TV...awesome signal with an HDMI connection with its own box and direct connection with ethernet making for awesome speed in connecting to the ridiculously endless array for programs, news sources (video blogs, issue groups. It has some of the coolest "where-the-hell-were these programs" when I was going to school.The voice command is cool but it only works when you're in Amazon Instant or Prime. You can't use it on another site like Netflix.Bottom line is it is a good produce by turning your TV into a SmartTV without having to buy something that most of us don't need (OLD TV's still good) and most couldn't or wouldn't replace UNLESS need be.Stick is perfect for spare bedroom, secondary "out-of-way" but for constant connection and WAY less issues get the Amazon Fire TV.
I would recommend anyone to use this who is looking primarily for Amazon services.  Outside of the Amazon services, i have found in comparing with my 2 Chromecasts, that Fire TV stick falls short. Here's some background:I have 2 Chromecasts that i love and have been using for about a year now.  I have them on both ends of my house (one in my bedroom, the other in my livingroom).  I was going to get a third one for my kitchen TV, but decided to get the Fire Stick instead because i just signed up for Prime Amazon services and since i buy all my music and online movies from Amazon, I wanted to take advantage of the services, not just the fast shipping ;)I have had my Fire TV stick for about 2 weeks and here is what i have found that i like about the fire stick:1.  Set up was super easy, the demo video was great, really helps.  I would rate this part a 5 since it's really user friendly and they packaged it well for consumers to understand how to use their product.  I was already familiar with this type of technology but i thought it was really helpful.2.  The user interface and the remote is great for the amazon sections of the product.  The remote is super easy to use, simple and reacts well.  The menu is really easy to use, although being someone who watches a lot of TV/Movies via nothing but streaming devices (i don't have cable), I think it's pretty easy to use with the exception of some of the menu items when trying to figure out how to add to a queue, viewing history, etc.  I would rate this a 4 for now. It could also just be me :)3.  When viewing amazon prime TV shows, movies and music that i have bought, it's super responsive and streams really well.Here are my challenges so far:1.  The hulu app experience was very negative.  It took a long time to get running and then when i finally had the patience last night to let it run it's course, i watched one episode and it continually froze the screen while the dialogue continued in the background.  Probably a hulu thing, but definitely hulu and Amazon need to talk.  Chromecasting hulu does not have that problem.2.  In the first week i had to re-boot the fire stick because it said there was no network connection. I tested this by switching to my other HDMI port where my chromecast was connected and was immediately able to play netflex.  Flashed back to Amazon and still "no connection".  I re-booted it and was able to go about  my merry way.  In comparison to chromecast, in the year that i have used it, i have had to re-boot it probably 5 times because my app's weren't getting the ability to cast.  Hopefully this won't be a continuing problem when streaming netflix.So far this has been my experience with the device.  Having the chromecast to compare it to helps me determine what the issues are, which so far have been specific to the firestick and not my network. I also work from home, have 3 other wireless devices that are constantly running on my dual-band wifi network so i am a very heavy user of streaming/wireless devices in my home.If the hulu and netflix app's could be fixed to work better with the firestick, i would rate this higher, but for now, this is only useful to me when i want to watch an amazon movie or prime tv show.  It's too bad, i was really thinking i would switch to this device over time in the rest of the house, given how easy the rest of the product/interface is and you don't have to download extra app's onto mobile devices.
A few months ago, I wrote a rave review and gave the product four stars.  That review is still here, below the divider.More recently, though, I've experienced the same problem many others are reporting: that the stick seems to get "hung in left rudder," leaving me staring at a twirling circle instead of a TV show.  Today has been the worst ever: the thing has hung up several times, enough to make it unusable.  Twice, I've done the trick recommended by Amazon: Unplug the Fire Stick, unplug its power cable, then plug them back in again.  No help.I'm also getting "lost network connection" messages -- five or six in the last hour.  Yet my computers  connected to my Comcast cable are working fine, and the Xfinity speed tests shows speeds faster than advertised.What's more, the picture on my second TV, a new Vizio with built-in WiFi, is working perfectly.The Fire Stick runs a little hot, even though it's physically located just below an AC duct.  My theory is, it's slowly degrading with time.  At this point, it's basically a lightweight boat anchor.-------------------------------This thing has changed our lives.  My productivity has gone down dramatically, but the smile on my face continues to grow.With both Fire TV Stick and Amazon Prime, we can and have watched old (and new) movies and TV series that we would never have seen otherwise.Only one problem:  We find it difficult to find the shows or movies we might like.  The Search engine is virtually worthless.  It's not a "Smart Search" like DirecTV offers.  If you don't know the name of the movie, you will not find it.Amazon claims there are some 60,000 movies available.  Note to Amazon:  Give us an on-line browser/locator we can use to find the other 59,970.
I am using the Fire TV Stick to watch nearly everything I would watch at home on my Dish and it works pretty well, except for one VERY annoying issue (more later).On the positives:The interface is great. Very easy to navigate, very snappy; no issues at all - Well done.Great selection of Apps available, Entertainment, Games, Educational, etc. Not including a full android stick, I'd say it is second only to Roku in terms of the number and quality of apps available; and more seem to be available on all the time.Great build quality. The plastic body it very sturdy and feels about as high quality as plastic can. The included power adapter and super long USB cable are very high quality and beautifully built also.Now the Negatives - well really only one, but it's big:I live in the Midwest and stay in a lot of Motel rooms with my job. This is important to the problem as it pertains to the types of internet access I am stuck with here in the Heartland. Mostly its DSL. I have the fastest tier of DSL I can get at my house (15 Mb/s) which in reality amounts to about 4 or 5 Mb/s) and the Motels are a mixed bag; mostly the same or worse. I've had issues with my Playstation 3, Apple TV (Gen2), Roku 2 HD, and a couple of Android media sticks (MK808 plus and Equisno). They all buffer a lot. I've learned to live with it. However, the Fire TV stick does something completely different. Instead of just pausing while buffering it will freeze the image and continue playing the sound track! So now my "Multi-media" experience has become and old time radio drama which doesn't work well with a medium that suppose to be visual. Other times it will do this with just a blank scene, but continue the audio track. Very annoying. I've had this occur while using Hulu Plus and Amazon Prime Instant videos (Bosh and a couple of their pilots). When it does this, I ave switched over to another device (usually my PS3) and it works fine - not image freezes on it.Please, Please Amazon fix this. My only solution when this happens is to hit the back button and resume the episode which may or may not work or may work for a minute or two then freeze the image again.I'm not asking for the impossible (not for you to stream perfectly on the crappiest bandwidth in the world), just to pause the audio when the video pauses while it buffers. I'm used to this, I don't like having to guess who's winning a fight in Arrow based on the sound effects.This would easily be a five star product if this were fixed.
Update 5-28-15 Just found out my Sony Bravia factory TV remote controls this thing!!!! Found out by accident, but it works I was so happy now I don't need that little remote that always gets lost. I didn't program it or anything. Another thing that has been happening for about a month regardless of what remote I use is that Netflix launches and everything seems fine and you can click on everything, its just when you actually try playing a episode or movie it loads about 5% than says error. So, I have to go back to the fire tv main screen and load Netflix from the apps section instead of the recently viewed or whatever it is. VERY ANNOYING!!!!! Otherwise I still like it.4-1-2015Still cheaper than any wifi blu ray player I have found, which is basically the alternative. Chrome cast doesn't have a remote which is a deal breaker for me. It serves the intended purpose I bought it for, which is steaming Netflix in the bedroom. In that respect it seems to work well with no obvious flaws. What I do not like is that all the extra things on it are basically there to try and get you to purchase prime, and honestly I wasn't seeing anything on prime that grabbed my attention and that isn't already on Netflix. I did have hopes that prime would actually have newer releases or more content than Netflix, and in that case I would be interested but not with the current offerings. HBOGO seemed promising, but I will not purchase something that I already pay for in my regular cable in the living room. I wish they had a Comcast app that allowed all the channels and on demand you get with a cable box, but that's wishful thinking. If you're looking for a fairly cheap streaming device that doesn't take up really any space and works well I would recommend this. For those of you who say you eliminate the cable box by making this purchase, I would not agree at all. I am not the biggest fan of my cable provider, but after thinking about getting rid of cable and just streaming, I wouldn't do it.
I love this product.  I enjoy watching movies and TV on the big TV screen and this product makes it possible.  It was easy to set up except for getting the battery cover open - gggrrrrr!  I almost gave up on the product in the beginning, though, because my cable service provider's router was finicky and wouldn't play nice with the Fire Stick.  After getting some advice from Comcast, I reset the channel on the router and then the Fire Stick TV worked most of the time.  It still occasionally sticks, but an Amazon tech rep advised me to reset the router if that happens, and it will usually be fine.  So far, that's true, and it doesn't seem to stall very often now.  The other confounding problem in the beginning was that it refused to play Prime Instant Video content because it didn't recognize me as a Prime member for some reason.  Again, with some advice from Amazon's tech guy, who was friendly, patient, and helpful, I emptied the saved settings and re-entered my account information (and yes, I did it right the first time), then everything went forward smoothly.  I have been enjoying an amazing number of shows for free that I never knew were available, and I have made purchases of movies as well that I can stream whenever I like.  I briefly tried a Chrome Cast, but I like this much better as the small stick operates as a remote control and it is so convenient to use.  (I placed an app on my tablet that lets me put the shows on the TV, too, but I much prefer using the Fire Stick.)  In summary, if you are like me and not a tech wizard, you can still use this product easily, but you may (or may not) need to be patient until you get your internet settings running smoothly.  I was happy I kept at it until I got it right, because I use it a lot and really like the technology.
UPDATE 4/6/15:  I still like the hideability, the sleek remote and ease of using Amazon Prime video.  **BUT** I have found that the HuluPlus app on this device will freeze and stall.  Switched this Fire Stick with the Roku I was using on another TV and no problems with any of the "channels" downloaded on the Roku including HuluPlus and Amazon.  Both were in the same place on same TV and same distance from my router, so I can only assume the problem is the different streaming device.  Since I use HuluPlus quite a bit, the Fire is now on the TV in the crafts and exercise room, where it will only be used occasionally.  With both HuluPlus and Vudu not usable or not existing on the Fire, I've taken away a star from my original 4-star review.  I would not recommend this device if you are interested in either of those streaming services.  While the Fire has much quicker response, and it is absolutely great for streaming PrimeVideo,  it makes no difference when you can't get the other services you want.  So, if you aren't interested in Vudu or Hulu+, I don't see a problem.ORIGINAL REVIEW:  Nice, fast, and clear streaming.  My smart tv apps were stalling (had I known it was powered by Yahoo, I would never have bought a Vizio with the smart features) but the picture is great, so I needed a stick for this TV.  I have a Roku on my other TV, but I decided on the Fire Stick because it had more memory and faster processor, etc.  It is all that, and its set up for using Prime.  Prime is very awkward on my smart TV, but much easier on the Roku, and best on Amazon's own device of course.  The biggest disappointment is not being able to get VUDU on the Fire.  Yeah, I know Amazon wants me to buy my movies from them, but until they subscribe to UltraViolet, that's where my movie purchases will come from.  They don't have a problem offering the Netflix app, which has most of the same offerings as Prime.  Vudu allows me to link through UltraViolet with a few family members so we can share our libraries with one another, a BIG draw.  So, if you are not using and not interested in VUDU, this is a great choice.  However, if you do want it, and this purchase would be your one and only streaming device.... get a Roku.
Disclaimer: My wife and I have been Prime members for 8 years. She recently signed up for her own separate Prime account because Prime now accounts for 40% plus of her TV viewing, and 80% plus of mine. When coupled with HBO Go and Netflix, I get to watch basically everything I want and have a watchlist that would keep a retired person busy for ages.Saying that, after getting the Fire TV (which we have downstairs) I decided to try the Firestick for my separate viewing. Disclaimer #2 - I bought it when I got the first Prime $19.99 offer.Anyway, Amazon TV has revolutionized my viewing. I have a terribly hectic travel schedule and only know from one week to the next where I'll be or what nights I'll be away. That makes scheduled TV viewing tough. We do have DVR's, but they fill up, especially if, like me, you would have 5 or 6 seasons of 8 or 9 different series still saved up. Having them available on-demand has made a boatload of difference for me.But my favorite thing about the Firestick in particular is its portability. I now take it with me on all my trips, and after working and dinner, can enjoy my on-demand viewing on the hotel TV rather than having to watch on my laptop or tablet. You'd think they'd have their own box tied in, but I've yet to find a hotel, even ones with on-demand services of their own, whose TV's aux ports weren't accessible to me.Even at $39.99, this device is a steal for Prime members. Prime service still gets me things in 2 days, 3 on the outside (and rarely at that) but the media add-ons for us, viewing, music, and other apps, make it one of our very favorite all around things. Thanks, Amazon - I really feel like I'm getting my money's worth.
We've been using the Fire TV stick for about 3 weeks now, and so far we are loving it. The video feed is really clear and lag is minimal. There are a lot of shows and movies to choose from, which is great, but my wife and I have an issue with the selection that prevents us from giving this a 5 star rating (and maybe this is more a knock against Amazon Prime than the stick itself) - a lot of shows, the newer seasons you have to pay to watch. This is fine for shows that are currently still making new episodes. We don't mind having to pay to watch the current season of Doctor Who, or Walking Dead, for example...but trying to watch an older show (our personal example) like Inuyasha, where the first 3 seasons are free but then you have to pay for the final 3 or so seasons...that's kinda silly to us. We're already paying a hundo a year for Prime, the least they could do would be to get the licensing to make the ENTIRE SERIES of these older shows free for Prime members. Again, more of a knock against Amazon Prime than the stick.One other thing we have noticed is that the stick does not hold wifi connection as well as our Kindles do. There have been a few times when the stick is buffering or just cuts out altogether, but we can watch shows just fine on our Kindles with no buffering at all. It would be nice if there was a remedy for this issue, but it seems even deleting the wifi from the stick's list and resetting it only helps the problem about half the time. This seems to only be an issue during peak internet times though. I personally watch stuff later at night, and it does not seem to be an issue then.Overall, our family is really liking the Fire TV Stick. Lots of options for shows/movies for myself, the wife and the kids. And it's super-easy to set up and to navigate. And if you're a Prime member, this is a no-brainer of a purchase.
I intentionally waited a couple of weeks for the "honeymoon" period to pass, before writing my review.  Either we are still in the "honeymoon" period or this is the real deal.  We ordered directly from Amazon with the 3 months of pre-purchased Sling. We have watched the entire NCAA tourny via the Sling app without even a hiccup.1) Have had an Apple TV since 2011 and love the product.(It is now on a secondary TV).2) We are "cord cutters" haven't had Sat/Cable for several months3) We had a Chromecast and returned it the same day.We weren't sure about the setup so we plugged it into a secondary TV for the setup and had it up and running in exactly 3 minutes. Downloaded several apps and setup our log ins to Netflix, Sling, ect. No need to setup our Amazon Prime it was preloaded just entered our password.Not having the voice control is no big deal since if you really need it the app for your phone has that covered. It is a bit sensitive but functional. The included remote not needing line of sight is a nice perk we were not expecting to enjoy as much as we do.We will never use anywhere close to all the apps or for the gaming not out thing so we can't comment there, however for movies/TV shows on demand the immediate loading makes the Apple TV look really slow. I'm guess Apple knows this and has to have something in the works to keep up.We chose the Fire TV Stick over the Fire TV base on some of the negative reviews, cost and our personal needs. We are not disappointed; we made the right call.Finally, after getting the FTVS setup on the secondary TV and knowing it was working we took a shot at plugging it directly into an open HDMI slot in our A/V home theater system rather than into the TV.  (Logically it should work, right?) Wishful think became reality. It worked! We can seamlessly go from our ChannelMaster DVR to FTVS to BlueRay player with a push of a button. I had purchased this thinking we would use it sparingly and I would be able to take it with me on the road when they get the "hotel" login feature up and running. I'm going to have to purchase a second one for that now, there is no way the family will let me take it from them it is watched at least 50% of the time.
This item works most of the time, but still has some problems maintaining connection with WiFi. I have a 25mps modem speed delivered by cable, and it sometimes has trouble maintaining connection. Once it "grabs hold" it usually maintains steady streaming of movies on both Amazon and Netflix, the two movie networks I use. When first booted up, it sometimes refuses to connect, seems to loop over and over, and will not play anything; however, it consistently displays the home screen and icons. Unplugging it for three seconds usually fixes the problem and restores steady performance. I find that this "unplugging" fix is a nuisance.When I first plugged the stick directly into my HDMI port, I got nothing but problems; almost like it was refusing to get a signal. But when I installed the little "extender" cable (about three inches long) it began to give a better response. It gave me the impression that being plugged directly into the back of my TV (it is in a built-in bookcase/hutch that you see in many homes) the WiFi was being blocked by the walls of the bookcase. I began to think that the stick itself needed to be exposed to the open room in order to receive a strong signal. I have no idea why using the 3" pigtail that comes the the unit provided such improvement, but it did. Still not great, but works okay.Be advised that you cannot use a standard HDMI cable with male connections on both ends to move the stick out into the open so it can receive a stronger signal. It plugs directly into the HDMI port on the back of the TV. If you want to extend it from the back of the TV, be prepared to pay about $20 for a coupler that provides a female end.The remote is a great improvement over the Apple one. It is larger, and feels better to the fingertips. All in all, its not a bad unit, and the price is very good.
I was so excited when I got this little guy in the mail. I immediately plugged it in and got started. The instructional video was cute. I have used streaming devices before, but it's nice to learn what makes the Fire TV stick unique. Evidently, not much. It has most of the channels I typically use (i.e. Hulu Plus, Netflix, Pandora, and, of course, Amazon Prime), and I went through the standard routine of downloading and logging in. I noticed it was not a very intuitive list of apps, requiring me to look through all the lists, which seem comprised mostly of background scenes, like fireplace, fish tank, rainstorm, etc. These have a place and are very nice, when wanted, but considering There is no way to scroll over a screen at a time, I got a bit tired of pushing the over arrow repeatedly through all of them. But I did it, and got all the channels I wanted that were available. I was amazed by the cluster () that was the main screen. It was a mess, with apps all over, and no clear set order, rhyme or reason to the way everything was displayed. This might be fixable in the settings section, but the whole reason for getting the stick was to plug and go.The screen locked up. I waited. It seemed to fix itself after a minute, but every channel I accessed took an inordinate amount of time to load, then would stop and buffer a lot more than I expected, and I was expecting buffering and lag time. I assumed it must be my internet service so ran a speed test 20mbps. Not too bad, so it should run alright. I turned of every other device in the house, and tried again. Slightly better streaming, until I got on my phone. evidently at 20mbps, I can't stream and do anything else. Amazon seems to come through best, but not in some amazingly novel way that makes me recommend Fire TV over any other streaming device.I upgraded my internet, hoping that was the real issue, but even the fastest internet available in my area ( 50mbps) didn't seem to be enough for all the devices I have in my home, and 15mbps had been sufficient previous to connecting the Fire TV Stick. I will play around with it, and see if I can make this worthwhile, but honestly, I wish I had purchased the Roku stick instead. It is possible that the Fire TV Box is better, but I will most likely return this.If this is your first streaming device,or you don't like what you currently have, go for it, It is not horrible and does most of the things you will need to do. However, if you are trying to decide between trying out the Fire TV Stick or buying an additional/ upgrading a device you already have and like, stick with the brand you already like, this is not yet a game changer. I am admittedly biased, as I have been using Roku since it's inception (10 years or so) and have only had the fire stick for a few days. I  had hoped it would instantly convert me due to it's amazing features, and, no.
Fire TV Stick was delivered Friday evening & plugged it into my main TV in the living room. It powered up just fine but would not connect to my wireless. No problem, maybe it's just too far away from the router. Installed it on the TV in the room next to where the router lives - it sees my wireless but chokes on the password. Installed it on a TV in the Den/office 2 feet away from where the router lives... power it up & it sees the network, sees the internet but won't connect to Amazon.com. Error message says: "Could not contact Amazon.com. Please check your router or select another wireless network."Spent almost all day Saturday troubleshooting & trying everything I know - changed wireless encryptions, passwords, wireless channels & even tried it with a completely wide open wireless connection (no security at all).Nothing. Same error again, still.Used the Amazon "Call Me Back" feature which is a really good thing & was handed off to Tech Support. After about an hr of wasted time, he had me hold down the 'Home' button down for 5 seconds while the Stick powered up & nothing happened. I guess it's supposed to go to a setup page of some sort which didn't happen. The Tech puts me on hold for a while & comes back talking about escalating this to the Development Team who may (or may not) have an update that will fix the problem (or not) & he would call me back as soon has he had something. Maybe next week...I said that was unacceptable & that I had already paid for a working unit. This one is clearly defective - send me a new one & I'll send this one back.After a little back & forth he finally agreed & sent me the return shipping label to send it back & a tracking number for the new TV Stick which should be here in 2 days.All the people I spoke to were very polite & courteous.I will post an update when the new one comes in.ChuckUPDATE:Apparently the problem was with my wireless router. Bought a new Linksys WRT 1900 AC yesterday & everything is working as advertised.Hope this helps.Chuck
Bought two on introductory Prime special. At $20 each I am still disappointed.PROS: Remote works without line of sight. Small size, hooks up easily to TV and network.CONS: Wow, need a numbered list here...1. Poor picture quality on Amazon videos. On 120MB FIOS line, pretty sure it's not my bandwidth. Have worked through this with Amazon support, and while they were helpful, and actually sent a replacement, here's the typical scenario: Start show or movie, suffer through 45 seconds of 240p quality. After 45 seconds upgrades to 480p quality. Never improves beyond that. Amazon support said their end showed my bandwidth at less than 1 mb, but I ran speedtests immediately upon them telling me this, and was running 121 mb. This is a known issue when watching Prime in a browser, didn't realize Amazon's inability to accurately determine your bandwidth was going to be an issue on the Fire TV too. No issues with Netflix, beautiful HD picture within 3-4 seconds of playback beginning. After a factory reset, same issue persists when watching Prime on both devices. Took it to a friend's house, had same problem on high-speed cable.2. Lousy remote control. Remote is very glitchy and jumpy. Try scrolling sideways through a list of movies, will randomly jump 3-4 when giving a light tap to move over 1 show. Push the other side of control to back up and will jump 3-4 shows the other direction. Reboot the stick, works for a day or two, then starts glitching out again.3. Setup video is agonizing to watch. Even more agonizing when you have to set up more than one device. Makes you nearly suicidal when you then have to reset them both repeatedly in an effort to get them working. Why no option to skip the video???4. Friendly customer support, but in a serious state of denial. There is no known issue with streaming quality. Period. Please don't look on any forum discussing it, or God forbid you read an unbiased review noting the issue. It must be your internet connection. Or the fact you live in the USA.5. No content. Okay, maybe I need help with this one. Amazon brags about the millions of songs, TV shows, and movies available to stream with your Prime subscription. I cannot find them. Maybe 40-50 shows and a handful of worthless old movies. If I have to pay for content, I would rather do it on Apple TV because at least the picture quality is flawless.
If you're paying for Amazon Prime, THIS little doo-hicky is the cat's a--. I have two big screen TV's neither of the two are "smart" TV's, so, I've been watching my NetFlix and Prime Video on one of my tablets with headphones or ear buds (which is fine if you and the spouse are in the same room and just can't abide her show preference -- which is like... always... :o) ). Anyway, it's nice to have the program on all 55" AND in 5.1 surround.Had a devil of time getting the batteries in the remote, believe it or not - something soooo basic...there comes a time in every man's life when he needs to be smarter than the piece of plastic he's holding in his hand, I guess...but, fished around and found I wasn't the only one. Aside from that irritating little debacle that probably earned me couple more eternities in hell for taking the Lord's name in vain, set-up was a piece of cake. Here is the other thing, you can download a voice command remote app for your Android or Iphone free and it too worked seemlessly.This was a gift from my son...so be advised when you're doing the minimum programming that you'll need to switch it over to your own Amazon account first. Not a biggie if you miss it the first time...you can go back.I'm not kidding, the most difficult part of this whole setup process was getting the batteries in the remote and figuring out that teenie-tiny little remote control - I swear to gawd herself, the dog is going to have that thing missing in NO time.If you're considering this product, I'd seriously recommend that you hit all of the online sites you can find while waiting for it to be delivered so that you can see what you've purchased and what it does....and by all means squeeze the sides of the remote together while sliding the battery cover down with your fingernail. Eternity in purgatory with me will surely result if you don't.
Very good streaming stick. It isn't the best for your own media, but it works well for web streaming.Update May 12, 2015:I've owned this stick for several months now, and I am taking my rating from 5 down to 4. This stick is still great for Amazon or Netflix streaming, but several apps are very slow or suffer usability issues on it. Unfortunately, the only apps I can use to get to HBO are among these apps. It appears the OS update to 1.5 preceeded worsening sluggishness with these apps, so I would venture a guess that the operating system consumes more memory than it used to, and high-memory apps are struggling even more because of it.I have also discovered that 5GHz wireless networking only works with this device on channels without Dynamic Frequency Selection (DFS) which is a suboptimal setting for your router to have to be set to (my router warned me I shouldn't do it when I made the change) because it means it can't channel hop if you are experiencing congestion or interference on that specific channel. I have a rather high-end Netgear Nighthawk R7000 router, and setting it to allow the Fire Stick on the 5GHz network caused intermittent connection interruption issues with other devices. So I have to use 2.4GHz with this.*HBO Go has very sluggish menu response, and sometimes titles refuse to play on it.*Sling TV VOD content (HBO) similarly refuses to play sometimes (though the UI works snappily).*Tablo TV (over the air DVR) is unusable on it because menus are incredibly slow and video stutters frequentlyAll of that said, I think this is probably still quite a deal as far as streaming sticks go. The remote easy to use, and the main UI is clean and quick. I got mine when they were running the $19 promo, and it was totally worth it. At $39 it is reasonable. I also own a 2014 Roku 3 (outgoing version) which I use on my bedroom TV, and I am replacing this stick which I use on my living room TV with another Roku 3. I didn't compare the Fire Stick to the Roku because the prices are dramatically different, and the Roku 3 is probably a better match with the full blown Fire TV. I will be keeping this stick for use on other TVs or on trips.The reason I am replacing this with a Roku 3 is because I know the Roku 3 works well for HBO Go, Amazon, Netflix, and Tablo TV (which I have invested a fair bit of money into so I need it to work well with whatever main streaming device I have on my TV). I was torn between the full Fire TV and the Roku 3, but I haven't personally used the Fire TV so I went for a known versus an unknown. If you prepay for 3 months of Sling TV now, you can get a free Fire Stick or Roku Stick, or you can get a Fire TV or Roku 3 (2014 model) for $50 which is what I am doing to get my Roku 3.
I jumped in when this was only $19 for Prime subscribers. If I had paid the $39, I'd probably lower the rating by a star.This little device sets up fine, and has access to a bunch of apps. The Amazon Prime content is great and runs on what I assume is a lightweight video player that's integrated into the OS. I say this because YouTube content does not perform nearly as well. Not only is the app far from fully featured, it also seems to begin freezing after watching a few hours of videos. At this point, it seems to buffer on and off, but once this starts the Android remote app also fails connect. The included physical remote still works, but with considerable lag. Once you close the YouTube app, the Fire TV Stick becomes responsive again. At one point, videos refused to play. Black screen with audio only. A restart was required to fix it.The Twitch app is also next to worthless. You can't search for anything. You can't access your account. You can look through "Featured Channels", "Games", or "Channels", all of which are just scrolling rows with items dumped into them by number of viewers. No other controls.The included physical controller, even when the Fire TV Stick is not choking on YouTube content, sometimes gets "stuck". You'll press left once and it will fly by the next thing to your left. Press right once and it'll move one to the right. Press it again and you'll move two to the right. There's no rhyme or reason to it.The Android controller app works well enough barring the aforementioned issue with YouTube. My only complaint is that voice search is for Amazon content only. There's no integration with apps.Other than that stuff, it's decent enough. I haven't tried playing games on it, so no comment. I also haven't tried Netflix or HBO GO, but I'd be curious to find out if they have the same problems as the YouTube app.
The Fire TV Stick is an affordable way to add smart features to your TV. It can play some of the games on the Amazon app store and has most (if not all) of the video apps you could need for a smart TV. However, it has some limitations and flaws.Pros:Affordable and easy to setup. The remote is neat and doesn't require line of sight. Runs a lot of apps and games including Netflix, Plex (after app purchase), Amazon Prime Video, Vevo, etc.Cons:Video stutters on Netflix and Plex. Every three to five minutes, the video completely stutters and garbles up the video and audio. It's frustrating and no other smart device in my home has the problem (Apple TV or Google Chromecast). I have an 802.11ac router with 100gigabit internet. It's clearly a software or hardware problem with the device.Second, the interface is a huge mess. It's not very intuitive or customizable. I just want to pin my most used apps to the first page, but there are so many categories and menus that I don't even know where to look. Luckily, it stores your recently used apps and videos on the first menu. I like routine and having them change location is frustrating.Gaming is alright, but I'd recommend another device or dedicated game console if you want to play games. The included remote is very limited. Just because it can play games doesn't mean it should.Amazon could have a decent thing going here with a few tweaks and optimizations. It's definitely better than a Chromecast which basically only mirrors, but I don't know if it's really any better than a Roku or Apple TV.Update 7/22/2015:It's been a few months since my first review and the problems still exist with this little guy. Video on Netflix starts skipping and missing audio once in a while. Happens about every 10 minutes and lasts for a few seconds.The interface is as confusing as ever, and at one point, it removed Netflix from my recent viewed apps and I had to dig around for a few minutes to find it again.On the plus side, the clarity and sound are great if only they can fix the stutter ring problems and clean up the interface.As such, I would not recommend this device.
I've become a fast fan of the Fire TV products. We initially bought the Fire TV box and have been very happy with the functionality and performance. All of the available apps are what did it for me - we use Prime, Netflix, and Plex frequently, so Fire TV has been perfect for us. Once we decided the Fire TV platform met our needs, I bought the Fire TV Stick for my office TV. I'm thrilled with the performance. I have a slight concern that there would be lagging due to the lower specs compared to the box, but didn't need to worry - it performs just as well, with no noticeable performance problems.We used a couple of Apple TVs for a few years and never really felt like they met our needs (no Prime or Plex capability). Being able to search for and add new apps has been great. Looking forward to new apps being developed as the platform matures.I only have 2 complaints:1. Sorting - This is a problem with all the video services/platforms. It would be incredibly simple for all these services to provide a TV/Movie list view based on the rating. Netflix at least has a Kids section that is helpful for families. I just want to be able to sort and show a single rating and view the shows available. It's frustrating to have to scroll through the Hangover movies when I'm trying to find a family-friendly comedy. This is a simple fix that would go a long way towards customer satisfaction.2. Prime Music - Amazon's implementation of Prime Music has been mediocre, at best. I pretty much refuse to use the service because the functionality is so poor. Sadly, the Prime Music experience on Fire TV is even worse. You have to go to the Prime Music web UI on a computer, add music to your favorites, then you can see and play that music on the Fire TV. What a horrible experience. I should be able to search the Prime Music library from the Fire TV and manage playlists and play music directly from the Fire TV. I'm not sure if Amazon did this on purpose, or if it is just a work in progress. Either way, it's frustrating and continues to push me to use Google Play Music All Access.
I got the FireTV Stick upon it’s initial release, I like it because it’s very easy and convenient but let’s get down to the nitty gritty:Plex:The plex app (not amazon’s fault) is kind of a disaster, if you’re used to Plex on the web or Plex Home theater you’ll wonder what the hell is going on, because none of the same terminology is used so it’s confusing at first to find where you stuff is, it’s obtuse at best because it requires way too many clicks to get to simple stuff and thumbnails load like molassis (which is unfortunate because on the roku and other it’s much faster) the biggest complaint i have is that it’s almost alwasy BLANK but you have to navigate down to the menu at the bottom left (several clicks) and then do ‘refresh’ just to get the already-connected server’s contents to show - then you’re forced to look at ‘on deck’ and ‘recents’ no matter what they are, you can’t change the order or anything - to see your library you need to scroll down way way past those to the very very bottom and the large icons for your library will be visible (e.g. Movies, TV shows, etc.) these should be at the top - or left, i have no clue why they are hidden from view until you go looking for them (again not Amazon’s fault, but they should work with PLEX to make this better because it’s not like this on any other platform) then if you have any shared servers with friends - you have to go to the ‘social’ button (What? social? where is that word used in PLEX? no where that’s where, except on Amazon FireTV and Stick) in the social menu you’ll be able to navigate to a friend’s share and see the icons - it takes several clicks to get here. The worst and almost DEAL BREAKER for some plex users is the ‘channels’ which simply do not function at all in Amazon Fire TV. The reason is up for debate, no one has a definite answer, and no one has a solution - but every one who uses ‘channels’ in plex knows that they don’t work - you can go into the channel, e.g. the Daily Show, and in every channel if it has a “full episodes” link, it’s just missing, all you can do is go to ‘bonus clips’ and none of them play, so channels is totally non-existant in plex and there’s no explanation or acknowledgement. The weird thing is that it’s also impossible to stream any full-episodes from channels to plex in any way, e.g. the plex extension/bookmarklet for safari/chrome/firefox doesn’t work for anything but youtube and similar sites. so if you go to a website that has full episodes that stream, adding them to your queue and then trying to play them on the FireTV’s plex client just doesn’t work (they either don’t appear or it freezes up the plex app).Movies and TV shows faire far better - there’s a couple of tweaks you might have to do - for example if in a movie you can only hear the ‘surround’ channels but not hte main dialog (center channel) looking for all the dolby and 5.1 and DTS settings will be futile, what you have to do is go into the plex app’s settings and turn off “direct play” and “direct stream” this forces your PLEX server to have to transcode the video, which will then be playable on the firetv (again, no other plex client has this issue, only the firetv) this happened on about 1/3 of my library until i turned that option on.HBO GOI wouldn’t know, I have Comcast, and Comcast decided that they don’t like Amazon, so they don’t allow HBO GO via the FireTv or FireTV Stick (but they do allow it through other players like roku, apple tv etc.) so if you have comcast and want the firetv for HBOGO, don’t, that will likely never happen. both companies basically say ‘pound sand’.HuluOne of the better behaved clients out there, the hulu app works great on fireTV and it shows up in FireTV’s search results as ways to watch, which helps BIG TIME. Hulu is pretty much the same on other platforms, pause on one platform pick up on another and resume playback, it has all the odd hulu anti-favorites methods of getting to your shows (e.g. ‘shows you watch’) which is usual now (why do they hate ‘favorites’?) and the HD quality looks wonderful. Thumbs way up.NetflixIt’s great, also showing up in search results now; netflix runs really well on firetv, and also works cross platform so that you can open up the netflix app on your iPhone/iPad/Android device, find a title, and then chrome-cast style - have it sent to the netflix app in firetv for playback. great HD quality.Amazon Prime VideoThe crown jewel but also the IN YOUR FACE jewel. What’s confusing about prime video on the firetv’s interface is that it’s at the same top level as apps are. so you’re scrolling a list with “YOU TUBE, NETFLIX, Buffy the vampire slayer, TETRIS, star trek the next generation, WALL STREET JOURNAL” it’s weird because i wish i could have the apps separate from my titles. regardless - amazon works with voice search to find titles by actor names and such - it’s pretty sweet, BUT be careful - and always look for the ‘prime’ banner in the corner of a title or else you’ll be one click away form a $ price tag.Streaming AllCast from iOSIf you have an amazon tablet or phone, I hear it’s very nice. If you have any other device, don’t count on streaming. it’s ridiculously laggy and doesn’t work half the time. especially for HD videos - most just don’t play or play with no audio - photos are fine, screen-casting is pretty much useless because everything it would be cool for (games and video) are so laggy and choppy that it’s infuriating. Just ignore this capability even exists, it shouldn’t be seen as a feature UNLESS you have amazon devices.Interface: CONFUSING. All the top level items on the left are a mixed back of ‘what?’ and as you move to the right - the icons animate into position and the menu disappears (why?) it’s hard to find what you want, and I WISH there was JUST A GOSH DARN LIST OF APPS! but there aren’t, finding the apps you’ve installed is nearly impossible to see them all in one place. you have to hunt through ‘recent’ and category lists but it doesn’t show you YOUR apps in the categories, it shows you ALLL apps in the entire store, including ones that cost money. Why can’t I just see my apps? Imagine going onto an iPhone and having to scroll through the entire app store just to find an app you have installed on your phone?!Why can’t they just have a ‘favorites’ or ‘my apps’ section so you can sort them how YOU want them? nope, you’re stuck with ‘recents’ which auto populates with randomness, even from other amazon sites and devices - which is a little disconcerting. Often the app you want - say youtube- gets burried so far you have to scroll right and do ‘more’ to see it, it shouldn’t be this hard to get to a damn app. why is every other platform dedicated to ease of use when Amazon is dedicated to ‘BUY THIS’ I should have known. oh well.If it weren’t for the fact that Amazon prime isnt’ available on Apple TV, I would have bought an Apple TV. I should have bought a Roku, but I heard the FireTV was ‘faster’ and it is fast at loading video - but it’s a constant struggle to do simple things sometimes.Also - if you have an older HD TV (more than 3 years old) you might have a blue screen “HDCP” error on your screen when trying to play streaming content - this is part amazon’s fault, part tv manufacturer’s fault, try with or without the little extension cord that comes with the FireTV Stick; and try it on every HDMI port you have, do an update on your TV’s firmware, unplug the TV and the FireTV Stick from power and leave them off for a few minutes and try try try try try again. eventually it will work… until one day it just decides to NOT work, then you have to do that all over again. It’s very annoying. only have this problem with the fireTV stick - to Amazon’s credit though; they offer a same-day replacement if you chat with tech support (or call). very prompt service.
I bought this device because I knew/had read it installed KODI/XMBC which is a "huge value" and it didn't have over-heating problems unlike other android STICKS they make.. I like the amazon stick.. but I also read that it has incredibly buggy software compared to the roku3 which has a hell of a lot less ram.. and so for my part.. I tried the youtube app (which sucks) and saw it crashed (it did work for a while) I also even saw the "netflix" app crash (none of amazon 'prime' apps have crashed that I noticed yet)So for my part I say it's true.. this amazon fire stick's 3rd party or whatever and whoever made these apps are buggy.. which is the only sad/bad thing I have to say about it..I'm now installing kodi and I assume it won't crash much.. but I dunno..? all I can say is I like the amazon fire tv stick.. the software is nice mostly..... but the fact that amazon is running android and the fact that on NORMAL android the netflix or youtube app doesn't crash.. I give them a rating of "PATHETIC" when it comes to their apps :( (it's hoped that this will be fixed.. and I too hope so.. so I look forward to playing with kodi and amazon prime apps.. but I'll stay away from a lot of the 3rd party as I expect them to crash be buggy as well) netflix doesn't always crash?I dunno why amazon could just had made this a full android implementation..?? I think I'd been happier if they had.. I have a samsung smarttv in front of me.. it too has some kind of ARM processor and RAM in it.. same technology my phone/fire tv has.. but it's implementation of android and it's app's are too crappy to bother with.. even if it has NETFLIX.. it doesn't have 'prime' and it doesn't have 'kodi'
After six months of use, I am still very happy with the devices. I also have a console type Fire TV that I also love. The Fire Stick is great, the UI is excellent, it is easy to add apps, and video starts almost instantly and rarely buffers once started.My family has tried Chromecast and Roku devices as well, with very mixed results. The Chromecast was fine for some things, but not very good for a lot of things. If you are interested in a Chromecast do your homework, find out if it will do what you want it to do before buying it or you may get a nasty surprise and unpleasant experience. Roku on the other hand is great, and actually has a few advantages over the Fire TV devices, mainly in the wide selection of channels, but the Fire TV was a much better fit for my family, and not just because of our extensive use of Amazon services. Once again, do your research, the Roku may be the perfect device for you, especially if you really enjoy fiddling with settings and setting up servers.The Amazon Fire Stick (and console type device as well) just work, and work well. The UI is simple and easy to navigate, there isn't too much of a learning curve. We have Smart TV sets, and several Blu-Ray players and gaming consoles that have online and streaming features and apps, the Smart TVs are great if you have no other device that provides these features, but once you plug in a Fire Stick, you will likely never again bring up their app menus, the same goes for the Blu-Ray players. Our Xbox One and PS4 are now pretty much dedicated to playing games, not that the Fire Stick is so much better, just a little easier to use.The one option I would really like to see offered with the Fire Stick is the voice control remote that the console type device comes with. You can purchase the voice remote separately and it works fine, but that costs $30, what I would love to see is an option to spend $10-15 more on the Fire Stick and get the voice remote instead of the basic remote.
Before I begin I would like to say that I love Amazon and it's products. I currently have an amazon Fire TV and figured the tv stick would be just as wonderful as its predecessor. It isn't.I pre-ordered it when it was advertised and when it arrived I connected it to the baby's tv which doesn't get a lot of use but I figured I could play Pandora or cartoons for her from there. Almost from the beginning it came with problems it would take FOREVER to load, but again because it didn't get a lot of use it was easy to just disconnect it and wait for it to reload. Lately though, it has getting more use and the problems with it have escalated to monstrous proportions. It drops the wireless connection constantly, whenever it does connect it states that it connects with problems. No matter how many times I disconnected from its charger it doesn't fix itself anymore.I contacted Amazon customer service today and the girl who helped me pretty much told me to do everything that I had already tried. Such as going to the network settings and forgetting my home connection and re-entering the information again. Then she told me to contact my internet provider. REALLY!!!!? All my other devices, including the regular Fire TV box, roku, Echo (yes another Amazon product), laptops, and tablets seem to be working find why would I contact my provider????!!!I told her I wanted a refund or a replacement. She told me I would get only a minor fraction of a refund if I wanted to go that route. I then asked her to send me a replacement. The problem has been the stick since the beginning. She placed me on hold for 10-20 minutes. I told her it was taking to long. She offered to send me an email regarding the status of my replacement. I will be waiting for that email.To say that I am disappointed on this device is a serious understatement.July 17, 2015: Since my last review I have gone through two (TWO) replacement sticks. They keep doing the same thing or to add insult to injury, when I go to settings it shows that I am connected to my wireless network and the setting is strong, yet when I go back to home it sends me back to settings claiming there is no internet connection.One of the several times I had contact with Amazon service (very nice people btw) one lady told me that they were encountering this problem with several sticks and some Fire TV boxes (she mentioned the boxes because I told her I was not having any of these problems with my box). She said that it was a programming (I may be wrong on the correct word she used) issue and that they would be working on the problem to try to correct the problem over the week. It was during this week that my Fire tv box had an update and gave you the ability to turn put the box to sleep, or mirror the image, or go to settings when you pressed the home screen on the remote. Although these new settings were welcomed on my box, it didn't solve my stick problems so I was sent a replacement. ... This new replacement has started acting up, again. I unplugged it and put it aside and forgot to reconnect it. My husband went on a business trip and took it with him. He hasn't had a chance to connect it so I don't know if it is still acting up. As soon as he gets back I'll check and see if it needs an additional replacement...So my one star rating remains. :(
I got this baby for myself after Christmas after playing with my sister's Fire TV. I've used it at home and taken it with me when traveling. I adore my Fire TV Stick. I have two monitors on my PC, but I decided to plug my Fire Stick into my extra monitor. I have Prime and have purchased some shows and movies through Amazon in the past and now I've got everything all together and I can take it anywhere and plug it in. I've run into issues where it's playing then boom, says I'm "connected with problems," but that's usually when I know I'm in a room of the house that is barely in range of WiFi. Other than that, I love how it starts right where I left off if I have to pause and walk away for a while. I only have one small complaint - so I headed to Dallas and took my Fire TV Stick with me because the room I stay in has a TV but no cable/dish. But, I realized once there, I forgot the remote. Had I thought before I left, I could have downloaded the Fire TV remote app and voila. Unfortunately, I hadn't thought about that aspect, so I had a Fire TV Stick, but no way to connect to the WiFi without a remote, so I had to order another remote and rush delivery in order to use it while I was away. It would be nice if you could access it using the app even if you hadn't synced it before. I would think I could log into the app and pick my Fire TV Stick and boom, it knows - but that's not how it works... Without a remote, it's useless. So now, I have two remotes AND the remote app so no matter where I go, I should be all set.
My wife and I are unplugged and couldn't wait for the fire stick!My wife and I were really excited to finally get our hands on the new Fire TV Stick. We waited patiently for weeks before a new batch was in stock and shipped out. When it finally arrived we immediately unplugged our old Chromecast from the living room TV and setup the Fire TV stick. We loved that it came with a dedicated remote control (Chromecast does not have one) and that you could also control it through an app on your phone or device. We were also really excited that we would once again be able to watch programs on Amazon including digital movies that we rented or purchased AND Prime Amazon Instant Video content. Things were great for the first couple of weeks but then we started running into problems:- Hulu and Netflix skip and stop frequently during playback (but Amazon shows don't)- YouTube is difficult to navigate (takes FOREVER to type something into the search bar)- The keyboard on the iPhone app doesn't work- The "cast" button that you use with Chromecast recognizes your fire stick (YouTube app on iPhone and in the Chrome browser on your computer) and it says that it works but it doesn't.- Can't add things to the TV queue with YouTube the way you can with Chromecast- Because the Chrome browser cast button doesn't work (even though it sees your Fire TV and says that it will work) you can't share your desktop or your browser screen on the TV.Overall we are just disappointed with Fire TV. We really thought it was going to have greater capabilities than Chromecast, but in reality it's just the opposite. Now we are planning to go back to our Chromecast. I think that Fire TV will be a secondary device in our house. The only use I'll really have for it will be to watch any shows or movies that we buy, rent, or stream from Amazon from time to time but for the big players (Hulu, Netflix, YouTube) we will be using Chromecast.
Background info about our TV and streaming setup.  We ditched cable TV 2 years ago and currently subscribe to Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon Prime.  Heavy users of Hulu, Netflix and YouTube (daily for hours at a time).  Have 2 Chromecasts at home, one of which was meant to be replaced by the Fire TV stick.  Before that, we used an Xbox but got rid of that over a year ago so we wouldn't have to pay a monthly fee to access apps.My husband and I were really excited to finally get our hands on the new Fire TV Stick.  We waited patiently for weeks before a new batch was in stock and shipped out.  When it finally arrived we immediately unplugged our old Chromecast from the living room TV and setup the Fire TV stick.  We loved that it came with a dedicated remote control (Chromecast does not have one) and that you could also control it through an app on your phone or device.  We were also really excited that we would once again be able to watch programs on Amazon including digital movies that we rented or purchased AND Prime Amazon Instant Video content.  Things were great for the first couple of weeks but then we started running into problems:- Hulu and Netflix skip and stop frequently during playback (but Amazon shows don't)- YouTube is difficult to navigate (takes FOREVER to type something into the search bar)- The keyboard on the iPhone app doesn't work- The "cast" button that you use with Chromecast recognizes your fire stick (YouTube app on iPhone and in the Chrome browser on your computer) and it says that it works but it doesn't.- Can't add things to the TV queue with YouTube the way you can with Chromecast- Because the Chrome browser cast button doesn't work (even though it sees your Fire TV and says that it will work) you can't share your desktop or your browser screen on the TV.Overall we are just disappointed with Fire TV.  We really thought it was going to have greater capabilities than Chromecast, but in reality it's just the opposite.  Now we are planning to go back to our Chromecast.  I think that Fire TV will be a secondary device in our house.  The only use I'll really have for it will be to watch any shows or movies that we buy, rent, or stream from Amazon from time to time but for the big players (Hulu, Netflix, YouTube) we will be using Chromecast.
This is a streaming device - like many other streaming devices such as Roku, Apple TV, Chromecast, etc. Like its competition, this means that it is a device that allows you to pull those streaming services (Netflix, Pandora, etc) onto your TV. As far as which is better, this is going to depend on your personal preference as they all have slightly different catalogs in the way of compatibility. For example, the Chromecast isn't compatible with Amazon Instant Video, officially. The Apple TV isn't, but it has Airplay and all other Apple devices are.Do not mistake this as some sort of cable provider. You do not get "channels", you get apps. All of the apps that are compatible come preinstalled onto the device and all can be found on the product page. Meaning, if you do not see a particular app listed here (above), it isn't compatible with this device.  The fire stick plugs directly into your TV so it needs an HDMI / HDCP compliant television set and a strong Wifi signal. The antenna on the stick isn't great - ideally it needs to be within 10 feet of your modem or router and things like microwaves can actually interfere with your signal. The fire TV will work further away than the Fire Stick  - usually having walls or floors in between the Fire TV and the router is okay. Also the Fire TV has the option of hardwiring into your network.Now there are some things that Amazon is not entirely truthful about in advertising these 2 devices. For example, in the comparison chart it claims that the Apple TV has 512MB of flash storage. This isn't true, the Apple TV has many times this. It also claims that the Apple TV has 8GB of storage space and this isn't accurate. The Apple TV comes standard with no storage (it isn't necessary) unless you buy the Apple TV with storage, at which time you actually select the amount of storage it comes with. This isn't an option that the Fire devices have.The fire devices also boast Miracast technology and claim to be the only ones that have it. Wrong. The Chromecast can miracast with other Android devices that have the Miracast technology. The Apple TV can Airplay with other Apple devices. As for the Fire TV and Fire TV Stick, they can mirror just fine with select Kindle models (at the time of this posting only Kindle Fire HdX's  - 2 models). It claims to be compatible with Android devices that have Miracast but - I've found this to be inconsistent as I can never actually get any Fire devices to find any other Miracast equipped devices.So if you are a member of Netflix, Hulu, HBO Go, Panadora, etc etc - any of those streaming services that are listed on this product page and you cannot already access these services on your Smart TV, Smart BluRay player or other streaming devices then this might be for you. Otherwise, you may not have much use for it. It is fine and mostly works as described, as long as you have plenty of bandwidth and take into consideration the false advertisements / statements for this product.For example, advertising that it has "18x more apps than Apple TV" is just completely bogus. At this time the Apple TV has, by my physical count about 6x as many apps as the Amazon Fire devices. The only major services that don't have an Apple TV compatible App are Amazon Instant Video and Amazon Music.
Shortly after writing my original scathing review (still preserved below), we had the cable/internet guy show up to install a new phone line for business reasons.  While he was here, he installed a second wifi box - he said it was an extension unit that uses the same IP but is on a different wifi channel.  I plugged the Fire TV stick back in, I told it to forget about the old wifi connection and put in the password for the new one.... this product is back in business, have watched a few hours of TV over two days and it has not dropped the signal or given me the error messages that were disabling the unit. So I am raising the evaluation from 1 star to 4 stars. I'm not sure that it won't eventually stop working as it did before. I still think there is a problem in the way the unit was designed, and Amazon seems to be rather disconnected from the customers. But my problem is solved, so I don't have to return this and buy some other product to replace it.------When I first got this, it worked pretty well. Then, suddenly, it developed problems related to the network - none of the menus are available, it prompts me to check the network settings, it finds and connects to the network, and then it soon loses the connection and prompts me to check the network settings again. My roku (which is on another TV farther away from my wifi box) continues to work fine, as do my tablets and other wifi devices. On various forums, there are thousands of posts complaining about the same problem. People are posting all kinds of complicated solutions that they claim will sorta work for a while... things like rebooting it, uninstalling all the aps, doing a factory reset and re-entering all the email and password data, taping a copper wire of precisely 14 inches to the stick to serve as an antenna, or editing the settings of the wireless router. But do any of these really seem to fix the problem?  Doesn't seem that way.  As far as I can tell, Amazon has not addressed this problem. I plan on calling Amazon for tech support (which is likely to do little good according to other forum posts which indicated that Amazon does not recognize this specific problem, it just steps people through generic troubleshooting that takes one half hour or more, but does not solve the problem ) ... if they don't have a recognition of the problem and a real solution, I want my money back.
I bought this device for the purpose of using when I travel.  As far as content, I am primarily using Amazon Prime Video as well as Netflix and both are easy to use on this device.  The device comes with everything you would need in terms of extension cable for HDMI, remote, and USB power source to get up and running on an open network.As I indicated I purchased this device for use when travelling.  My first stop was at a hotel property that had an open wi-fi network, I connected the stick to the TV and was enjoying content of my choosing immediately.  On day 2 of my trip I changed to a different hotel property that had the type of wi-fi that required you to enter information on an internal web page (name and room number).  This presented a problem for the out of box Fire Stick.To their credit, Amazon has packaged this device to be user enhanced with the necessary tools to work around the hotel property web page access check point.  There are various Youtube instruction on how to execute this task.  Which, by the way is easier to do at home, than to do while travelling.  You will need computer access and some comfort level downloading programs and changing settings on the Fire Stick to allow the changes.  In the end, I added a Firefox web browser to my Fire Stick which allows me to access the Hotel web page to enter the required information.  I successfuly albeit with brute force used my Fire Stick Remote and a Fire TV remote App from another device to enter this information.I have since purchased a very compact Bluetooth Keyboard and added Bluetooth capability to my Fire Stick and I can now use this keyboard on the Firefox browser on my Fire Stick.  I personally didn't mind this effort because I now have precisely what I want, a very portable device to use while travelling to watch my preferred content.  I have the means to connect the device to both open and guest restricted Wi-Fi networks.  The effort expended was nothing I was uncomfortable or technically challenged to execute, but that may not be for everyone.  If you're just planning to use this at home, you should have no problems other than deciding what to watch first.
I can't give the Fire TV Stick higher than 3 stars. When I received my Fire Stick, the plan was to connect it to my LED TV in our Family Room which is of course on the first floor. My wireless router is located on the second floor in my game/computer room. You'll see why I mention this in a bit.The instructions are easy enough to follow. Connected the HDMI extender to my Fire TV Stick and then the power adapter to it. It powered right up. Everything was fine, until I got to this annoying introduction video. This video lasted about 10 minutes and you can't skip it!! The device comes with a simple instruction booklet so, why do we need to sit through an instruction video that you can't skip if you want? Beats me. Anyway, after the video that lasted for an eternity, I finally got to the point of connecting my Fire TV Stick to my Wifi network. The problem is........... It couldn't connect properly. When it did connect, it would state that it is "connected with problems" or, it wouldn't connect at all. This went on for about 20 minutes. Finally, it connected, however everything was slow. So slow, it wasn't worth trying to watch anything on the Sling TV app that I downloaded (which took about 40mins to download). And after a while, it would drop from my network all together. The crazy thing is, all my other devices was connected to my Wifi network from the same spot in the house (Family room) with no issues. Hell, I was able to open the Sling TV app on my iPhone and watch channels with no problem, while my Fire TV Stick couldn't.So, I finally took the Fire TV Stick upstairs to my game room and plugged it into my gaming TV which is right next to the computer desk that has the wireless router on it. It was able to join my wireless network with no issues and Sling TV opened with no problems. In conclusion, you can't be more than 20ft away from your Wireless router. If you are, you will notice connection issues and severe slowness when you do finally connect. I now have my Fire TV Stick in the master bedroom (on the second floor) on my smaller HD TV and I ordered the ROKU 3 Media Streamer to go in the Family room.The Fire Stick is nice, but Amazon needs to get a stronger wireless card in it. When it is working, it is really nice! So, this thing gets 3 stars. I recommend anyone interested in the Amazon Fire TV Stick, to consider the Roku 3500R Streaming Stick. My friend brought it over to my house for testing and it connected to my wireless network just fine from the Family room and performed well.
I purchased the Fire TV stick after having a good experience with the Fire TV, as I had no issues with it and it works as advertised. I'm going to break this review down into several sections: setup, user interface, apps, my experience so far and a comparison against other products on the market.Historically I've never had any issues with Amazon products, whether it was a Kindle, Fire TV, or Amazon Basics product. Setup has always been idiot proof and just worked. However, this is the first product I've ever purchased that took most likely an hour to setup. I unplugged the Chromecast I was replacing and plugged in the Fire TV stick and hooked it to the USB port on the TV. Right away I got an error message saying the USB port on the TV was not powerful enough to power the Fire TV stick. Being that it worked for the Chromecast I was a bit surprised, but I know it has better hardware so it is understandable. I would say it is a bit of false advertising that it can be supported on a USB port, so if that is a requirement for you, might want to look at a Chromecast or something that takes lower power.After getting it powered up, I joined it to the network, or at least I thought I did. The Fire TV stick kept making me put in my information over and over again. After pulling the power to it and reconnecting it finally took my info and let me put in my Amazon information, or at least I thought it did, because once again it lost the WiFi connection. Over and over again I went through this cycle of it losing the connection, until it finally let me sign into my Amazon account and loaded the main menu, however none of menus were loading and I kept getting network errors. After some research I found a lot of people were having issues with this and some recommended using the HDMI extender to improve the WiFi connection. Once I added the extender, I stopped getting the error messages and the connection seemed more stable. There were many times I almost gave up during setup, as never in my life have a hooked up a streaming device and had so many issues.In my review of the Fire TV, one of my biggest gripes was the user interface. I've never been much of a fan of Amazon's user interfaces on their tablets or Kindle, so the same goes for their Fire TV products. Obviously the interface is very Amazon driven with short cuts to Prime content, music, photos and so on. Users also don't have the ability to organize apps or the way screens are laid out, so that is a problem. If you are purchasing this for the basics, it gets the job done, but you have to get past a lot of Amazon fluff to get there.As far as applications go and the store available, I would highly recommend finding the apps you want from using the store online and sending them to your Fire TV stick, just like you would a Kindle book. You will find that Amazon offers more apps than the Chromecast and Apple TV, but less than Roku. However, you will find they cover all the big ones, like Netflix, ESPN, Amazon Video, and so on. There are only two apps that are missing at this point in my opinion that are deal breakers. First and most important, is HBO GO, which is available for the Fire TV, but not the stick. HBO and Amazon need to hurry up on this before Game of Thrones returns. The other app that is missing, but I'm going to assume we will never see, is Google Play Movies. It would be great to see this option, but I'm going to guess since we don't have Amazon on the Chromecast that we won't see Google on Fire TV any time soon.So far my experience has not been all positive, from having a hard time setting it up, but it has not been all bad. The interface and speed of navigating the Fire TV stick has been pretty good. I was not expecting it to be nearly as fast as the Fire TV, but it does a good job. There is not too much lag when loading content or jumping around the menus, but if you have a Fire TV you will notice a difference.Netflix runs well as expected and Amazon's ASAP technology works great when trying to predict what you might start watching next, in terms of Amazon video. I've also used the Slingbox app pretty heavily, which is something I want to highlight. I've used the Slingbox app on the Chromecast, Roku, and Apple TV. I would have to say that the Fire TV and the Fire TV stick have the best user experience. With all the other boxes and sticks you have to start the stream from your phone and control it through your phone, like fast forwarding and so on. With the Amazon products you can start the stream from the app and control all basic functions through the remote, never needing your phone. Most of the reviews for the app are pretty terrible, but mostly because the app does not support older models of Slingbox. It is without a doubt one of the best streamers for Chromecast.I don't want to go crazy here, comparing the Fire TV stick to everything on the market, but I want to discuss a bit. I've been a long time fan of Apple TV, Roku, and Chromecast. It took a lot to get me to start switching to Amazon products, but after they got the app support, it came down to specs for me. The Fire TV is pretty much the fastest box you can get, but I needed something with a remote that was just a stick to hide behind a TV. Overall I feel like the apps all these products offer are pretty much the same any more, so it comes down to UI and form factor. In my opinion this is the best streaming stick that you can get spec wise, but maybe not the friendliest.Pros:- Cost- Form factor hides easily behind a TV- Comes with a remote- Speed is pretty snappy- Has just about every app you could want or need- Slingbox app is amazingCons:- Wireless setup had some issues (use the extender it comes with and keep trying)- No HBO support as of right now- USB port on my less than a year old TV does not power the unit- Ships with the non-voice remoteOverall, I think it is a great product, with a few issues. Setup should be easier and hopefully it stays connected to my WiFi, I'm knocking a star off for that. Second, HBO support needs to come. Otherwise if you are looking for a cheap streamer you can't go wrong.Update:- HBO is now available so I raised a star. Thank you Amazon and HBO!!!!
Jumping around with the buttons to skip 10 seconds forward or back often causes connection issues. Even more often, it starts rewinding or fast forwarding even when you don't want it to (it thinks you held the button when you most certainly did not). Because the video keeps playing, you often don't realize this until you press it again and accelerate the fast forward or rewind, putting you VERY far away from the simple 10-second skip you wanted. If I want to go back 30 seconds I should be able to press it three times in succession. Rather than forcing me to wait for it to start playing after the first skip, it should queue up any remaining skip requests and then execute them together. It's inefficient and not user friendly to choke on the first skip and then misinterpret subsequent skips as holding the button for FF/RW or faster FF/RW. I don't see how it's possible to not encounter this problem within 10 minutes of testing this product so I see no excuse for it not being fixed. A long press for FF/RW should be a completely different signal generated from the remote so that it couldn't possibly miss that I let go and pressed it again.On top of that, the interface is horrible with black screens, pauses, moments where you are unsure due to a lack of confirmation etc. For the longest time I thought that the YouTube app was made by a third party pretending to be the official YouTube app because they got the publisher wrong ("YouTube.com" instead of "Google"). I have about as much confidence in something like that downloaded from the Amazon App Store as I have in downloading all the shameless rip-offs from the Windows Store. I should also point out that there's almost nothing useful that isn't a paid app or one that requires an external subscription.The categorization is laughable. When I want to resume something from Amazon Prime Instant Video, I can't find it under Prime Video. Nope. It's under "Home" where a bunch of unrelated stuff is. You'd think that was because they tied in other services to the "Recent" category, like Netflix and HBO, but NOPE.I wanted to report how well it works as an AirPlay Video receiver but I don't dare buy an app for that to try it out until I've decided whether or not I am going to return the darn thing. My return period is almost up and I have yet to decide. I hope they can fix these issues with an update, but seeing how long the Amazon Prime Instant Video app has sucked on other platforms tells me that they really don't care enough. They need to fire whoever is responsible for UI.
I hate my Fire TV Stick at first. Nothing worked. But I know Amazon and its products have a wonderful reputation, and I'd heard great things about the Fire TV and the Stick. So I called a techie friend. He informed me that since the router is downstairs and my Stick upstairs, the smaller antenna that comes in the Fire Stick (same with any streaming hardware that size) wasn't picking up my Wi-Fi signal strongly enough. He came over and installed a repeater upstairs that helped it do what I absolutely needed (Netflix and I love my fireplace app), but nothing more. Tested my 'net and said I was only get 1.3mbps anyway. Was just informed that all BellSouth DSL customers have to switch to AT&T; UVerse, so I gave it a shot instead of switching to Roadrunner. I don't even need the repeater! I get around 18mbps now. MAJOR change! I can do everything on my Fire TV Stick now! I LOVE IT! If you have any problems, customer service is not only on top of it (my USB power cable went bad), but they go above and beyond to help, and they replace any parts as well as give you free shipping for returning defective parts. Honestly, I'm surprised the power cable went bad because I'm very impressed with the craftsmanship of the Fire Stick. I've heard you can upgrade to a speaking remote like the regular Fire TV has, but the remote that comes with the Stick is really easy to use, and I prefer it to Roku and Chromecast. Do yourself a favor and snag this while it's at such a great price, and especially if you have Amazon Prime! Prime Video is the best.My one complaint actually has nothing to do with Amazon or the Stick itself. I, uh, use a friend's HBO Go login info and she has Comcast. Comcast is the last cable station in the country who won't allow HBO Go to stream unless it's on a phone, tablet, or laptop. So you can get the app for HBO Go on the Stick, but totally forget about it if you have Comcast. And write those suckers an angry letter! If you don't have HBO Go at all but do have Amazon Prime, many of the HBO stuff is on Prime Video. So, see? TOTALLY worth it!
Initially I was very skeptical about these sticks.  Later I was confused on which one to buy.  The choices were chromecast, roku stick and fire stick. So, I did the best I could do..  I tried all three.  In short, I kept fire stick and chromecast, returned roku stick.Let me explain.....Cons of each, firstOf the three, fire TV stick has the best hardware, hands down. However, you are married to Amazon ecosystem.  I hated that.In order to use chromecast, you must have a device, like Android phone, pc, etc. I hated that too..Roku stick, like fire stick can be used independently.  The apps are plenty.. However you have to use the one they give to you. Say if you want to side load apps of your choice, you are out of luck..  I hated that..  Also it was slow for me..Pros...The reason I chose fire tv stick over roku is because1) fire TV stick has better hardware, than roku. It is fast2) fire TV stick is Android at the core..  This is a very important feature..3) because fire TV stick is Android, I could manipulate and load xbmc in it.  This in itself is the best of all features.  I could get hundreds of channels via xbmc.. Xbmc is a content aggregator. If you don't know what is xbmc, Google it..  You will be addicted. Once you realize how good xbmc is, you will thank yourself for not buying roku.Now why did I keep chromecast then? The downside I listed for chromecast is actually also a feature in itself..  I can cast anything from my chrome browser to TV.. Eg., say you want to watch hulu, you cannot do so in fire TV stick or roku ( paid hulu plus is the only option there).  Not so with chromecast. Just get it started on chrome browser on pc or phone and cast it to TV via chromecast. Problem solved.... It is cheaper too..Of course lot of folks will counter that by saying load casting apps to fire TV stick and do it that way..  Trust me, it is not easy..In summary, fire TV stick is good because of versatility. Chromecast is good because of flexibility.Although I like roku and it's nice apps, in this case it lost (at least for me) to fire stick.
As an Amazon Prime user I found the Prime Stick to be a great value (purchased for $19 during the initial sale for Prime users). It's very simple, nothing fancy but doesn't do quite as many things as my other streaming player, the now 2 year old Apple TV.Pros:- The biggest benefit for me that I see with this device is the ease at moving it from one room to another. My apple TV is stuck within a media cabinet and would probably take me 5-10 minutes to pull out the wires and move but the Prime Stick can simply be unplugged from the TV and brought to another TV.- Prime content available with the click of the power button (TV will turn to the correct input channel when you power on the device).Cons:- Somewhat slow, lags quite a bit. Today's small mobile devices have blazing speeds. As with most cheaper media devices they don't pack the punch you might be used to so you'll definitely notice some lag. Again, for $19 I'll get over that.- No keyboard or voice searching BUT for the price one cannot expect that.- STOPPED WORKING AFTER 9 MONTHS. One day it worked fine, the next day it would not power on. Luckily I am still within my 1 year warranty and after a 5 minute chat session with support they have a new device coming my way.OVERALL - I would rate the device 4 stars because of the value you get (gave it 3 because it kicked the bucket in under a year). It definitely needs voice control or a keyboard on the remote but for the price you get what you get. I'd rather pay $5 more though upfront for that slightly better remote to make searching easier via voice or keyboard. At $40, it's still a good deal but now that Apple TV is $69 retail (Amazon Prime has it for $62 today) anyone who is an avid Apple user might want to consider paying a little more for that and use Airplay to stream your Prime shows/movies from your phone/ipad to your Apple TV. Just my suggestion.
I bought the Fire TV Stick so my wife can watch TV in the extra bedroom which I call her "Hideaway."  She bought Amazon Prime for her Kindle and I thought it would be nice to  watch the free movies offered on Prime. We have a Chromecast  but don't like having to set up my desktop computer in Chrome and having to control it from a remote site away from the source TV. Her Kindle will is not Chromecast compatible. The Fire Stick has a remote where you can control your content right in your chair or bed. Also you can download an Android app to control the Fire Stick on your Smartphone and use voice search without paying extra for a voice search remote.We have a Samsung TV in the bedroom  and the Fire Stick would not work on it. Since the router is downstairs in my home office I figured the router was too far away for a strong enough signal. I put the Fire Stick on our large screen Sony Bavia TV which is in the family room next to my office. It worked great for about three weeks then received an error message for an HDCP error. I called Amazon help and found out that the Sony is not HDCP compatible  Only TVs manufactured  2014 and later use this technology for HD broadcasted from Amazon Prime. The Sony is 2008 and the Samsung TV is 2013. Any content cast by Amazon Prime are mostly in HD. There is no way to change to SD (standard definition) on the Fire Stick The only option is to buy a newer large screen TV which I am not prepared to do for a $39 part. The product description for the Fire Stick is deceptive. It only mentions HDCP compatibility in the  Technical details and does not warn that Fire Stick will not work with TVs older than 2014.I will be going back to Chromecast. I would return the Fire Stick but have a 2014 TV in the table pool room so the Fire Stick will work there. Also I really don't want the hassle of paying return postage, etc for a  $39 part.In you own a TV earlier than 2014 do not buy this product. It will not work. Get a Chromcast for the same price.
I have my entire home set up with Fire TV products and the box is an absolute 5 star product worth much more than the $100 price point.  I thought for the playroom and my 4 year old twin sons' bedroom the stick would be a better option.  They are familiar with the remote, the unit is hidden behind the TV in the HDMI port and I don't need as much storage as their programming is much more limited that the other TVs.  In all we have a total of five Fire TV units....originally 3 sticks and 2 boxes.....we are now at 4 boxes and one stick.  The one stick we still have has its share of issues dropping wifi signal, under performance and freezing but for the playroom we're making due for now.  The stick we originally had in our master bedroom and in our twins room were problems from the word go.  The unit in the kids room took (and this is no exaggeration) 26 attempts just to run the initial set up.....this was a lot of fun with two four year olds watching me attempt the set up.  I have a very high capacity internet service and other products such as my Fire TV box, Kindles, smart TVs, etc.... were working with no issues what so ever as have the boxes I replaced the sticks with.  I assumed we may have just received two glitchy ones so i exchanged them for two other units and had the exact same issues before returning them outright.  As always Amazon customer care was awesome through the process and I am very pleased with our current collection of four boxes and one stick that usually works.  I have read many similar issues with the stick product and it certainly seems to be the trend.  So as I said in the title.....if you are able, drop the extra $60 and invest in the box and save yourself the frustration.
I was really excited to have purchased this item during the Prime member sale for a fraction of the cost. Now I simply wish I had my money back and will go back to my Roku. There were things in the beginning I really liked about this item, but now that we have had this for a couple months any positives have been outweighed. We really liked the Hulu app and that it posted "New Episodes" so you don't have to search if a new episode has been posted. The interface itself was relatively easy. The games were a nice addition as well.The cons... We constantly had to sign back into the apps, particularly Disney Junior. Which is a PIA when you have a small child wanting to watch cartoons and you need to log into the computer to sign back into the app. Other apps required a membership, like Spotify or Slacker, when on other interfaces I do not need to have a membership to use the free streaming. Other issue was the Hulu app which is our most used app. It constantly froze the screen and then would continue to play in the background. The only way to get around this was to back out of what we were watching and play it over again. And this would happen throughout the entire episode. We have been Roku users for several years and I never had an issue with streaming on the same televisions I tried this item on. Tried to find some reviews and tech support and came up with very little. Best we got was to reset our device. Have done this several times now. Now the kicker- it no longer works. Will not connect to our internet once we reset it for the last time. Says there is an error and cannot get it to do anything else.Unfortunately, we are past the deadline for returns. I will not recommend this product to anyone. Contacted Amazon and hoping for a resolution.
I already had a Google Chrome Cast but we pay for amazon prime (which isn't available on the Chrome Cast) so for our second TV I wanted something that allows me to stream Amazon Prime Instant Video in addition to the other apps I can stream with the Chrome Cast (ESPN, Netflix, YouTube, etc).  The price was right.  Now for my thoughts on the device:For the most part, this is a very good streaming device.  Additionally, it took very little time to set it up because it came pre-set with my amazon account info.  I don't love the user interface; it is not quite as quick and easy as it should be, but it's obviously not rocket science either.  You have to download the apps that you want to use, and if you want to stream something other than amazon prime, you have to go to the applications menu to find the app you would like to use.  The responsiveness isn't going to knock your socks off either...when I'm in the ESPN app for example, it takes a good 3-5 seconds from the time that I click the remote to change the channel to the time the page refreshes to show a different channel.  The same lag happens when I am trying to type to search for a movie in Netflix.  I love the Chrome Cast interface as it is so much more simple and streamlined.  Find what you want to watch on your phone and cast it up to the screen.With that said, on the fire stick I really like that I can download the amazon fireTV app and use my phone as a remote.  The included remote is fine but I hate typing with that thing..."a" click, click,click,click,click, "n" click, click,click,click click, "d" click, click...Over all I think this definitely worth the price.  If faced with the decision again, I would probably buy the fire stick again over the chrome Cast ONLY because I like to be able to use amazon instant video in addition to the other streaming services.
Where to begin,  The device is really easy to set up out the box, it even starts up with a tutorial video to help you set it up, which is nice to see.  I personally like the remote very much, there are no led's on it which i like but yet it is simple enough for you to remember where every button is in the dark though touch and the remote navigates the menus nicely.This is the first smart tv dongle/stick i have ever owned so i might have been expecting too much out of this thing, the only apps i use on it are Plex, Netflix, YouTube and Amazon live video. Plex works really well, i love it, Netfilx works fine too but it does slow down sometimes, amazon live video also works well, but the YYouTube app is outright unusable, it is very slow, and very unintuitive, navigating the YouTube app is horrendous, whenever i use it i just end up casting to it from my phone or tablet. I can't comment on other apps as i haven't used any other ones.The device also does not work properly when you plug it in your tv's usb port for power, i tried and it forces 720p and frequently crashes. when connected to the wall i also tried using a longer cable, a 12 foot cable instead of the included 6 foot one and got similar results of crashing and forced lower resolutions, so have an outlet socket free withing 6 feet to use this thing.The wifi works fine for me, runs my movies and shows in 1080pThe biggest issue i have with this device is the fact that it just does not work.  9 out of 10 times, and this is not an exaggeration, when i turn on my tv the device just does not show a display or the remote won't be connected. i have tried all the ways amazon has said to get it to come back on and none of them work and so 9 out of 10 times when i turn on my tv to use this thing i have to get up and unplug and replug it back in. At first i thought it was because i was using a 4k tv and the device had to cycle through the resolutions to find 1080p and lost input while doing it somehow, but after hearing a friend complain to me about the same issue on his 1080p tv, i am sure it isn't that.  For a tv dongle this is a pretty big issue, very much a deal breaker for me
I first got the Roku and liked that.  There was loads of selection and easy layout.  However, after awhile it started doing wierd things like non-stop scrolling and taking over other devices in the home.  It was as if it was possessed and my housemates weren't pleased.  The only way I could get it to stop was to unplug the stick AND take the batteries out of the remote.  So instead of paying for an exorcist, I put it in the preverbial cage and bought a FireStick instead.  It arrived fast to save the day from possessed Roku.  Taking a cue from the reviews, I attached the HDMI extender which I'll call it's super hero cape because, the Amazon Fire Stick is working wonders!Thus far I am very pleased with its performance.  Here are some things I like.* It somehow makes the picture and sound better.* It organizes my Prime content well.* I can play one of my favorite games on it.* I can play Amazon music on it and it almost sounds better than a stereo.And most important,* It doesn't mess with my housemate's devices and slow other stuff down.Some things that could be improved:- Occasionally it lags and buffers movies.  Not much, but it's annoying when it does.- I'd like to see the ability to add more channels (including private) EASILY.- I'd like to eventually see a movement-based game controller like Wii has.  Using the remote can be awkward and too slow.When these things are taken care of, I'll give it a full five stars.There is one more thing I would like to comment on.  Firestick is geared around Amazon products and Prime.  That's fine.  I'm using and enjoying many things that Prime has to offer.  I appreciate the fast and free Prime delivery service.  I also like the music playlists that can be played on my phone and the TV.As far as Amazon Prime movies are concerned, however, I'd like to see better content.  Most of the movies are old or of terrible quality.  As we are paying a monthly payment that works out to more than what Hulu and Netflix charge, I'd like to see at least comparable quality with good CURRENT movies INCLUDED in Prime (NOT extra) that one can get on those pay channels or on cable on Demand.  Please step up the movie quality on Prime.  Then the Amazon Firestick with quality Prime content will totally Rock.* It doesn't mess
I got it today and when I first connected it to my Samsung LN-T4665 I got a "Not Supported Mode" on the tv. I was so disappointed. I then tried it on my Sony tv and it worked. I set it up and installed the plex app, added the parental control pin, and tried a couple of home videos from my plex library. Everything seems to be working good. I then decided to try again in my Samsung LN-T4665 in another HDMI port and voila it worked! I am so glad since I bought this device for this tv in my office. I have a Chromecast in my 53" Sony tv. Later on and this weekend I am going to put it through it paces. Unlike other users who complained about the remote, the remove response it's fine not too slow or too fast. The user interface is kind of intuitive. I was also able to use the MiraCast function from my phone to mirror my android galaxy s4 screen in the fire tv stick. Very nice. This device complement Plex very well since it emulates the Plex web interface really good. That is something that is lacking in the Chromecast Plex android app. What I sometimes do is use my laptop and open the Plex web interface with the chrome browser and cast it to the Chromecast so that I can see my media info. This is kind of inconvenient but do also like the Chromecast.So far in terms of functionality, the manufacture claims (Amazon) and my expectations, in my opinion, this device does what is claims and it does it well. So why do I give it 3 stars? Any device that force me to keep bloatware and/or registration with credit card info for in-app purchase automatically is a 2 stars item from my point of view. I searched and there is no way to remove the featured apps list and other prime video advertising. If I am not a prime member then don't offer me or show prime membership stuff. That is why I love the Chromecast.Changed it to four stars considering that the hardware probably cost a lot more than the $39 I paid for it and they most likely make money by 'scamming' people into buying stuff and becoming prime members. I guess that is one of the reason they gave it so cheap to prime members because once you get used to it you are hooked and will be compelled into renewing your prime membership.
It's remarkable how affordable HDMI stick streamers have gotten between the offerings from Google, Roku, and now Amazon as well. The Fire stick is in direct competition with Google's chromecast with only $5 setting them apart in list price; $35 vs. $39. I got this at launch with Prime so it was a no brainer at just under twenty bucks!As far as functionality, both are very similar and will add capability to your Tv to stream netflix and assorted other video services, or your own content via Plex. The Chromecast integrates really well with Google services so Play tv/movies/music are a cinch to use, youtube is there, and the ability to "cast" from many ios/android apps. BUT, google expects you to use your phone or tablet as the remote which I found cumbersome over time; switching between apps and resuming control was not always seamless. It crashed on me a few times after I turned off the tv and came back the next day. The app casting support sounds like a great idea but probably a novelty in real life use since I found that I most often just wanted to walk into the room and watch something instead of fiddling with my phone to control the chromecast. Plex support is there but again issues with the handoff from phone to chromecast and just more taps needed overall to get something on the screen.The user experience changes with the Fire stick, with the inclusion of a remote it becomes much more like a self contained viewing experience. Turn on the tv, grab the remote and click to Netflix, Plex, or Amazon's content. The bargain is that you lose Google's tight integration if that matters to you. But for me, I intended to use Netflix and Plex mostly and while the Netflix experience is about the same, Plex really comes alive on the Fire vs Chromecast with full screen poster like view of all your content and it just works with no "casting" hand of issues. So if Plex is your preferred choice as well, I highly recommend the Fire over the Chromecast.Oh and the Fire also passes the wife test much easier, she gets the remote experience over the "only some apps support Chromecast" explanation.
i was excited to get the Fire TV stick as part of the Sling TV promotion, but the reality of the product has left a bad taste in my mouth. The Fire TV was going to be attached to a 20" wall mounted TV in my dining room. The initial set up is super easy. But the device kept dropping wifi connection when trying to connect to HULU plus or Netflix. And when the connection failed the device would do a quick reboot then back to the home screen. I restored the device to factory. Rebooted the device several times. Same issue. Over and over. After a chat with tech support I was told that I HAVE to use the included HDMI extender because the TV was blocking my wifi signal. What? There is no documentation stating this. And I have never had this issue with any other streaming product. Using the extender means that the device dangles below the TV and defeats the purpose of wall mounting a TV and using cable housing to hide the cables. Meaning the product can be seen at all times just hanging there. So I tried it for a little bit. Guess what? The issue was still the same. A little better. But still kept dropping signal. More chat with tech. Support and they decided to send a replacement unit. That unit arrived and was even worse than the first one. Same issues. Dropping connection. Rebooting. Tech support again told me the extender was designed to improve the signal. There are other streaming sticks that do not have this issue. So. I have now paid $68.41 for the Sling TV promotion and have a free defective product. Sling won't give me my money back and I can't exchange this for the ROKU stick. So I am out of the money paid and have to return this product because I refuse to use such a poorly designed device. Get the Roku stick instead. Fire TV stick is not ready for primetime yet. Some might have better luck. And just a little background. My home network has multiple devices all connected and not having any connectivity issues seen with this product. Go to the fire TV support pages. Tons of people have the same problems I had. Amazon needs to fix this ASAP.
Awesome device.  In my opinion, better than Roku's stick or Chromcast which I will explain why later.What I like:1) More powerful, more RAM, and more space than either of the other two sticks, to my knowledge.2) Cheaper than Roku's stick, and only a few $ more than Chromecast.3) It works on android's operating system which means you can sideload android apps (like Kodi aka XBMC)4) Portability.  It's an android computer on a stick.  Sure it's not as snappy as my android tv box or a computer, but it's meant to be portable so I forgive that it's not uber powerful.5) Wifi works well from my testing.  Better than the Chromecast I had.6) Inexpensive.  When you consider the possibilities for this stick, a $39 computer is just unheard of.7) Along with XBMC, I like the dedicated Amazon video/music features.  I essentially have any entertainment at my fingertips in a $39 package.What I don't like (all of which are forgivable considering the possibilities, pricepoint and intended use):1) The apps aren't super snappy, but snappy enough for the portability tradeoff.2) Need to plug into an outlet sometimes.  I've ran into this on 3 of 4 tv's, but they were a little older, so it makes sense.  My new 4k tv had no problem powering the device through usb.3) Solely a wifi unit.  To be expected given package size, but in my dreamworld, It'd have an ethernet jack.4) Maybe a cover or carry case to protect the HDMI plug when being stored would be nice,So everything I didn't like about it is forgivable, because the possibilities for the unit with it using android more than make up for it.  I'm an android user and love the fact that I can treat it as such by putting android apps on it.  Their are a couple of different ways to do it, and you can do it with apps already on your phone and by downloading the APK files onto your computer and uploading them to the stick.  If you aren't familiar with XBMC (now called Kodi) then you're missing out.  The nice thing about this particular android stick compared to the others on the internet is that even though there are others out there that are more powerful, this one at least is mainstream and has tech support through amazon should you need it.  You can't necessarily say that for the dedicated android sticks.Though this stick doesn't have as many "channels" as the roku stick, XBMC trumps that in my opinion.  Any many people love the chromecast for it's tab casting thing.  You can do that with this stick too, it's called miracasting.  You might not be able to do it from your laptop or pc, but I personally don't find that feature appealling considering most of what I want to cast is on my mobile device, and I'll take the dedicated remote of the firetv stick over the forced usage of smart phone with the chromecast.This stick is not perfect.  It does have it's flaws, and some people like it, and some don't.  It all comes down to personal preference.  But I can't say I dislike this product.  It's my android tv on a stick.  I can stick it in my bag and take it on trips or like I did recently, used it at the hospital while my wife was there.  Had all my videos from home available there in the hospital room.  Couple that with all the features that Amazon preloaded onto it, and you have everything you need.  Having tried all 3, I'm vouching for this one.
Update: This thing is complete trash. The UI is cluttered and cumbersome. not sure if its because they are trying to constantly "sell" you something. The app store installs are annoying. THE ONE APP Plex I actually want to use DOES NOT work with this and never truly has. So that is 5$ down the pooper. Amazon blames plex and plex blames amazonIf I could get a refund (which I cant cause it was free) or trade this for a roku stick I would. Its complete garbage!DO NOT BUY!old review:So here we go and Im trying not to be biased since I did get it free with my SLING subscription.First Im a tried and true ROKU guy. I am an android guy for most stuff but when it comes to streaming television and media ROKU just takes the cake. At the time I didnt know SLING was also giving away a free roku stick or I would have gotten that instead.Anyway here are the prosIts pretty fast and easy to set up.Streams wellThe android remote app is nice (except the navigation sliding is awful just put arrows on it) and gives you the voice funtions lacking in the regular remote..........?Cons are as followed.Very cluttered looking/feeling UI.No dedicated app store you can see. You can use the search function but its iffy and other wise you have to install apps via the amazon app store on another device then sync.I mean in the end it really does nothing that no other device, ROKU included, can do. Plus my ROKU pretty much does it all better.Its also very picky with file formats.Trying to stream from my tablet to the stick via allcast was very picky. It seems the stick ONLY likes Mp4 files where my roku can play almost ANYTHING.Also I purchased PLEX from the android app store yet when trying to run it on the fire stick the same purchase does not work. This is insane since they ARE BOTH ANDROID! Why the purchase needs to be redone through amazon is just garbage to be honest and a rip off.Again being an android guy once you look into hackign and installing full on android apps through your phone/tablet its pretty nice, if they work, but otherwise this just isnt enough to make me switch from rokus.
I love the Fire Stick.  I already owned a Roku and bought the fire stick on a two day sale for 19 bucks a few months ago just in case my Roku failed.  I just hooked it up this weekend out of boredom (snowed in) and my family just loves it.  I read the reviews on cnet and youtube and just figured the two were about the same, only difference Roku had more channels according to reviewers. Wrong, as a prime member I wish I had this thing hooked up months ago.  If you are a prime member I feel this is a must.  All the channels we watched on Roku are on the Fire Stick and the navigation is simple.  We are cord cutters from way back and mainly watch Netflix, Amazon Prime, Crackle, PBS, PBS KIDS, A&E; and History and we listen to Pandora alot.  All of these work great on Fire Stick.  My daughter enjoys playing games on it.  I love listening to my music that I have purchased from amazon over the years and the free music available through my prime membership.  Many of the songs we play on the TV using the Fire Stick show the lyrics so its kinda like karaoke.  Only complaint is that there is not an app to make my old 1st gen Kindle Fire a +remote.  Oddly enough there is a remote app for the Roku that works great on my 1st gen Kindle Fire .  I guess this is Amazon's way of making loyal customers buy the latest Kindle Fire.  Not me, I got a great app from the Apple app store that makes my Ipad a voice remote.  I know alot of reviewers would deduct a star for this but I understand it is just business.  Not good business since there are so many ways around the remote issue like using a different tablet, or an android or an Apple phone and installing a free app.  But that means a loyal customer of yours has put down your product and picked up someone else's.
First off why a five well I read the reviews and found most of them wanting I think maybe one of them was helpful. The reason I bought the Fire Tv Stick is simple I have a blue ray dvd player that  is suppose to give live streaming of Netflix, Amazon etc. well it would be a real plus if it did the job so I decided to look at the fire stick reading reviews and such. I am a prime user so that gives the fire stick a plus! I have bought amazon fire kindles and purchased the fire phone as well so I know a little about the products love them all.Ok package came when they said it would arrive. Opened package and the contents was all perfect read the directions plugged it in and away we go set up a child could do that means so easy even if I hadn't read the directions I would be able to do it. Watched the tutorial a bit cheesy cartoon but it makes the points needed surfed all the apps available nice choice opened Netflix and wow it loaded fast picked a movie and watched it no interruptions or buffering that is wonderful hooks so fast all I have to do is pick and it plays the movies I select fast. For those folks who may wonder what kind power source is needed or do I just plug it in to my TV and it will run. The Stick comes with everything you will need including a plug for and outlet and an extension for the stick itself. Why have a need for an outlet some may ask well it takes a bit of common sense to tell you it will need to be powered and no you TV is not a power source  so please do not think it is. As far as using the stick well my TV has a remote and I do have to select the source with the source button an there it sits waiting to be used! I so far have only downloaded a couple things which I use on my kindles and computer the load within seconds. I will say the one thing or maybe two things I would like to see will be a browser and maybe a the vudu app as I am always doing something on the net or looking something up!!1. Great value the price is perfect! yes2. Ease of set-up -  Yes3. Ease of use - yes4. Prime users -  yes5 Non - Prime users - yes it carries the music apps such as Pandora.User can easily flip a movie from Netflix onto the TV screen from their IPhone, Kindles and Fire phone this didn't need and app to do it! Yes I tried them all as my husband has an IPhone so I know this works. Well if this don't give you a reason to go with a Fire TV Stick then you are not ready for an awesome time!
Background: I purchased this to replace a Google Chromecast on the living room television (if it works out, I'll do the same with bedroom tv). Primary entertainment channels in use are Netflix, Youtube, Amazon Prime, Hulu, Spotify, and Pandora on laptop, Kindle Fire 7 and Galaxy S5. The Chromecast was great, but impossibly slow and lagging trying to 'throw' from laptop browser and I never consistently got Kindle to work with it. From the GS5 it worked awesome, but I wanted to be able to access everything without having to HDMI laptop to tvSetup for the Fire TV Stick is super easy, but I did have to reset and restart twice to get it on my non-broadcasting home network. Since then I have had sporadic issues with it dropping the network connection. Both are recurring issues for people if you look at the forums. Not necessarily a deal breaker, but VERY frustrating and annoying. I'm in the midst of replacing my Netgear router with a more powerful, newer model and hopeful that will correct that issue for me. If not, I'll be contacting customer service.Using the device couldn't be easier. While you can mirror to it or link from Kindle or Phone (i.e. within Youtube), I'm not finding that typically is not necessary. Pulling up the interface and accessing direct is quick and straightforward. With your service's accounts setup (Netflix, Pandora, etc) once, you don't have to login each time, just access the app and you're good to start something new or pick up something in progress from wherever you left off.Whether it is the right device for you vs. others like Chomecast or Roku will depend on the devices and services you use. If you're an Amazon Prime and/or Kindle user (regardless of other services), then in my opinion this is a logical and hugely beneficial add and let's you tie and navigate through your ALL your entertainment on ALL your devices nicely.Update 05/26/15First, I did continue to have the dropped connection issue even after replacing router. Contacted customer service and ended up replacing the unit. All good since then (fingers crossed)Second, love it so much, I installed a second one on the bedroom TV and will likely add a third before I'm done. It's just great!
Well it does relatively well if you are really close to the router/Access Point.  The range for these sticks isn't good and sure would benefit from an Ethernet port.  Literally right next to each other I ran tests playing Amazon Prime video through the stick, two different Tivos, and a WiiU.  I placed the stick so that it was at least as close or closer to the router with no physical interference.  The Tivos and WiiU played back Amazon Prime video without fault.  The Fire Stick which is presumable designed for this from the ground up had some difficulties.  Video would freeze about every 10 seconds for a second or two with HD content.  On non HD content it did pretty well but that is all old stuff...like SD content from the 1970's.  The Fire Stick also needs to be unplugged when not in use because in my case when it wakes back up I find it slow and the menus highly unresponsive to the remote. I thought the remote's batteries were bad so I replaced those but it didn't help.  Working the Fire app via a Samsung Galaxy Note 3 phone was far more responsive than the included remote control.  I have no desire to turn my mobile phone in to a remote control for the Fire TV Stick.  I also found out that if you loose all internet connectivity then the Fire TV Stick became useless during that time.  Understandably things it needs to stream wouldn't work but things you've downloaded like games or whatever should still work as should screen mirroring when both the Fire Stick an device being mirrored are on the same network.  But nope, Fire Stick figures if there is no internet then its just not going to do anything.  The mirroring of my phone to my TV via Firestick is pretty slick though.  Nothing like reading a kindle book via a huge screen TV being controlled from your phone's Kindle app via the Firestick which as cool as it is leads me to another question. Why is there no Kindle reader for the Firestick?Speaking of Mirroring as I said it is not too bad.  The only downside is if you want to do action gaming with it.  I though I had a perfect setup to get some mobile phone gaming on the big screen using the Firestick.  I have a good phone, tons of games, and a nice Moga controller plus the ability to get my Wii controllers to work with the phone.  So ideally all I'd have to do is Mirror my phone to the Firestick and game away.Well, that is fine for passive game like Solitaire but there is too much lag for much else.  Racing games are definitely out of the question but some others that don't require precision controls might be OK.  I already have an adequate solution for all that anyhow...gaming laptop > HDMI >DONE.TL;DR The Fire TV Stick does most of what it claims but no as well as most consumers would like. It's best left unplugged in a guest room so visitors will have something to watch or you will have something to take with you on trips for those same reason. But will you really need it? We have our phones, tables, laptops and with all of these features already being integrated in to TV sets, Tivo, gaming consoles, and more I don't think there will be a need for them much longer.  For what it is right now I like but give it a C-
I probably have more than 10 different ways already to view streaming media and movies... so why not add another?I currently have my laptops (Macbook Pro and PC), a PS3/4, a Wii u, a PS Vita, a 3DS, a smartphone, 2 tablets, a Chrome cast, an Apple TV, and a smart tv... now, what does the fire stick bring that my current devices can't? Honestly, nothing. It does what any of my other devices can. Regardless, it's a nice little addition to the guest room that I bought it for.First off, the interface is fast and very responsive. It's a lot faster than my outdated 2010 Apple tv. You simply plg the USB shaped stick into any available HDMI slot, plug in the AC adapter into the stick, and plug the other into an available outlet and you're good to go.When you turn it on, it will prompt you to register your stick to your Prime account (If you have one). This takes about 2-3 minutes. This is mainly so you can watch all of the movies that you have on queue or want to purchase.I chose a random movie and clicked play. The movie started almost immediately, and the movie played in HD pretty well. There were a few drops where I saw it drop from HD to SD. I guess that was a latency issue. For the most part, it was pretty stable.The sound was loud and clear during my movie playback.The remote that comes with the stick has a very simple layout. The remote too is responsive.Like with most other streaming devices, you can download apps and games. I downloaded a few apps to watch clips and such, and the apps were available on the main screen after it is downloaded. I don't really have any complaints about the device. I got it on the pre-launch Prime member exclusive $19.99 price, so there's really nothing to complain about.
First off, I'd like to say I got this device day one and have used it regularly since and I think it's a safe time to review the device now.Pros:Experience is smooth most of the time, but stutters here and there under some circumstances (seemingly random, still investigating causes)Beautiful user interfacePackaging looks great, pulled everything outta the box, just plug and playnice little cartoon on first start up on how to operate the device, can be re-accessed at a later time in the settingsCons:A lot of the apps that are available on the Fire tablets are strangely not available on Fire TV Stick. I'd imagine they share essentially the same pool of apps. With the amazon app marketplace already limited filtered with it's modified android os, mojito, with this additional layer of filter makes the apps available for Fire TV Stick very limited. Probably even less than Windows marketplace! For example, I can watch Crunchyroll on my HDX (yay anime! premium user here btw!) but can't seem to download the app for the TV Stick.Plus there is no search function for apps, so you have to manually select categories and sift through each, and, every, single, app within that category.It's unusually difficult to put the TV stick to sleep, and I mean sleep, not turn off. You have to scroll all the way down to the settings, then pan all the way to the right to reach further settings options to put the device to sleep, otherwise you will have to wait about 15-20 minutes for it time-out in screen saver mode. I suppose this can be a positive since being asleep makes it boot significantly faster, but personally I like to be environmentally mindful and have the option to just completely turn off the device. So I find myself flipping the switch of the surge protector that the TV Stick is connected to occasionally.Sometimes the TV Stick will randomly drop connections. I have to manually reboot the device to rediscover the WIFI signal and successfully connect again. Can be annoying.I don't know if it's just me, but sometimes while using the remote, I find myself having a hard time gripping the remote and it sometimes slips or falls out of my hand!The Verdict:the device has a lot of potential and provides great ease of access to amazon content as well as a limited other streaming services, however it isn't nearly as robust in it's market place versus the competition though that may very much change in the foreseeable future. There still seems to be some bugs and certainly not everything has been optimized, but overall, the experience has mostly been enjoyable for an incredible value.
I've been using my FireTV stick on and off for about a month now. Bottom line, when I first got it I used it often and now I use it very little because it only occasionally works.  Here's a list of the good versus the bad:The Good:The remote is really easy to use and helpful. I wish more remotes took the minimalist approach and gave me a set of really useful buttons. It's also an RF remote by necessity so you can have it pointed in any direction and it works.Accessing Amazon Videos is much easier than on any other device. I've used Amazon Video on my computer, PS4, Wii, etc. This is by far the easiest interface to use.The bad:First thing is that you should plug the provided usb adapter in. My TV, like any well designed TV, shuts down the HDMI ports when I'm not displaying whats on them. This means that it doesn't update and takes forever to startup if you don't provide power. Not a big deal but important.Second Amazon Video is front and center, the rest of the menu is less intuitively designed. Apps are hidden several menus away from the most popular/editor's choice apps. It's workable but my Roku has better menus.Lastly, the biggest problem I have with this and the reason for the poor review, is that it has trouble performing is primary function, displaying video. Like many I get the BSOD when playing videos. I've attempted to resolve the issue by disconnecting and reconnecting the FireTV, and power cycling my TV. This doesn't work. I usually have to wait a few days for the issue to resolve itself. This is a result of poor design rather than what the FireTV Stick is plugged into. I regularly play blu-rays off of a PS4, my HTPC, and a finicky blu-ray player. I don't have any other device that has trouble with HDCP. The occasionally have an issue, but stopping and restarting playback almost always resolves the problem. The fact that the "resolutions" involve power cycling everything with a wire connected, regardless is totally unacceptable, at most just the FireTV should be power cycled (which isn't particularly easy).Amazon has been indicating that they're working on a fix for this problem, it's been 3 months since the FireTV has been released and no fix. It would seem that Amazon Corporate is far more concerned about the profits from the device than it is about well designed products and happy customers.
When I bought my Fire Stick I already had most of the same capabilities built in to my smart TV, my TiVo and my Roku, not to mention my smartphone and iPad as well. This kind of appliance isn’t very exclusive anymore, which is evident that all the technology is condensed down into a tiny chip inside the Fire Stick.I bought it because Amazon had a special promo and for the price I thought it would be cool to plug it in to the TV in my bedroom and get much of the capabilities I get in my Media Room. And that’s true, it does give me that.Installation was brainless. Thank you Amazon for already knowing who I am, my phone number, my shoe size and what I want for dinner tonight. The only really dumb thing about the automated setup is that they use an animated cartoon to lead you through the process which requires that you can hear what he is saying. Because I use a speakerless monitor mounted in the bedroom the audio is only hooked up through Bluetooth headsets at the bed, which weren’t charged up, so I couldn’t hear anything the little character was saying. In 2015 it amazes me that Amazon would be so inconsiderate of the hearing impaired that they wouldn’t caption the setup procedure. Because it is a cartoon character you can’t even read his lips.  So I guess I will never know how to set my Fire Stick up because once the cartoon plays it is gone forever.As far as how it works, if you already have any of the above mentioned devices you can skip this part … it works exactly the same. If you have never had a device like this, well, think of it as having a huge stack of DVD’s that you can choose from to play whenever you want to. Some of the programs are movies, some are TV shows, some are sports, music or other content. You scroll through little pictures of the channel you want, and then narrow it down to the program you want and click “play” on the remote (which doesn’t have to be pointed at the TV). From there you operate it just like any remote control. Some of the content is free, some is by subscription and some is by pay-per-view.Devices like Fire Stick don’t always give the user equal results. For example what is built in to my smart TV is a little older and it stutters, hiccups and loses its place a lot. What is in my TiVo has a limited selection of programming. The Fire Stick and the Roku are extremely competitive with each other, offering almost identical content, and playing it in high resolution in real-time with very little need for buffering or stuttering.Fire Stick is likely all most people need if they want to watch non-broadcast content on their TV. The Fire Stick itself has the advantage that it can easily be transferred to any TV or monitor you own that has a HDMI input (including your computer monitor or laptop computer), which makes it the best choice for the traveling person. It even works in some hotel room TV’s.CONSThere is little not to like, but one element I found puzzling is that you buy this thing because it is as tiny as a USB thumb drive but then you have to plug it in to an AC wall outlet using a transformer. That’s a fail for me. It should just plug in to the TV and get its power from the HDMI port. That makes it not quite ready for Prime Time. And don’t say you weren’t warned … if you misplace the remote you are out of luck, you can’t do anything without it unless you like to use your phone as a remote control.Despite the silly requirement to tote an AC power transformer around with you I still give this 5-stars because of all it does and how well it does it all.
Amazon's Fire line of devices hasn't always hit the mark, but the Fire TV and the Fire TV Stick certainly do. I chose the Stick because it's cheaper and I don't plan to use it very much for gaming or other things that might require the processing and memory of the standard Fire TV. It's super easy to set up and get going, and the interface is attractive and functional. I like that recent apps are featured first and foremost, making it quick and easy to get to where you want to go. The remote is standard; nothing fancy, but it's small, compact, and the buttons give a satisfying click.One downside that you might notice upon setup is that the Stick does need to be plugged into the wall for full power rather than the USB port on your TV. It may function while plugged into the USB port, but the device won't be fully powered and you might notice some performance issues. This does detract from its portability a bit.If you are a Prime member, this device will offer even more benefits. Amazon's video, music, and photo storage services are featured heavily on the home screen. Any playlists or watchlists you've created on Amazon are available right from the home screen, along with your photo library if you've uploaded your photos to Amazon's cloud. Your photo albums can also be used as your screensaver. If you use Amazon's services a lot, this is an ideal device for you. If you are more invested in Google services (Google Play video, Google Music, etc.), then you may want to look at the Chromecast or Nexus Player, as Google apps will not work out of the box with the Fire TV devices. On most Android devices, the lack of Google apps would be an instant "no buy" for me; however, Amazon has put a lot of effort into their media services, and I have to say that I prefer them to Google overall. Plus, as a Prime member, I'm already paying for these services (particularly since I receive digital credits from their "no rush" shipping), so it makes more sense for me to gravitate towards Amazon.Speaking of Android, the OS on Fire TV devices is, of course, a heavily modified version of Android, but it is still Android at its core. This a major benefit over Roku and Chromecast, as it allows users to sideload many Android apps that are not available through the included app store. This is a relatively simple process that doesn't require you to root the device or even connect it to your computer. I'll spare the details as a quick Google search can teach you how to sideload, but this essentially allows you to use any Android app on your Fire TV, though you may need a Bluetooth mouse/keyboard for many of them. This is the one I bought that I'd recommend: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00KWUMU92/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o03_s00?ie=UTF8&psc;=1 - You'll need to load the default Android settings.apk first in order for the Fire TV to recognize it, but it's compact and sits nicely with the remote control. However, virtually any Bluetooth keyboard/mouse will work--just make sure it's truly Bluetooth and doesn't require a USB receiver, as the Fire TV Stick doesn't accept these.Overall, the Fire TV Stick is an excellent inexpensive, compact, and versatile streaming device that provides plenty for both casual users and advanced users who want to tweak around with it. It has replaced my Chromecast in the living room, though I do miss being able to cast (or "fling" as Amazon calls it) many of my apps. I'm glad that Amazon and some app developers are incorporating this in limited form, as I am able to cast from Netflix, YouTube, and a couple of other apps. Aside from some minor downsides, the Fire TV Stick is absolutely the best value currently available among streaming devices.UPDATE 5/16: I'm still loving the Fire TV Stick, and with the latest update I just discovered something new that it can do...connect to hotel wifi. No other portable streaming stick offers this because it usually requires access to a web portal in order to sign in. Amazon has solved this problem by allowing the web portal to pop up upon signing in to the network. Due to its portability, I now would definitely recommend the Stick over any other streaming device, price aside.
As someone who has owned both a Chromecast and a Fire TV Stick:1. The Fire TV Stick is a BETTER BUILT device that is better for streaming video. The 1 GB of memory translates to smoother streaming and fewer lags. I have no issues streaming HD video from youtube, whereas I've had many issues with the Chromecast. It would sometimes take a few minutes for the Chromecast to buffer a short video and the quality was often very poor (240p or less).2. Remote is DEFINITELY a reason why you'd want to consider this device, as the Chromcast does not have one. I love having it so I don't have to find and access my phone or laptop or order to pause or select a video, and it's great for quickly perusing through the menus on youtube or netflix, etc. Keep in mind that the remote does not control volume though.3. As others have mentioned, the Fire TV Stick is not a mirroring device so it's capabilities are NOT perfectly identical to the Chromecast. So if you're looking to use your HDMI stick as a way to project what's showing on your chrome browser, know that Amazon's product will NOT do that.4. One thing I really like is the ability to make a video queue so you won't need to select new content as soon as your current video finishes. If you look at doing through youtube for instance the Chromecast is allows you to watch and make such a video queue simultaneously, while the Fire TV stick simply does not.Overall, I'd go with the Fire TV Stick as it's simply better for the most important feature of these HDMI sticks; streaming video fast and reliably. However, the Chromecast also lets you mirror so it has a few more features (excluding Amazon Prime Video of course), and is great for say, sharing a funny reddit thread on your TV so others can see it.
Mine was one of the original orders,  so it took a few months.  I'll go over the good and bad.Bad first...I don't like that you need a power cord hooked up to it. If that's the case,  the pics should show that.I don't like the shape of the power cord's end. It is oversized and is difficult to fit in a power strip unless it's on the end.If you don't have Prime, there isn't a point really.  This is the big selling point of this over its competitor.The shape and size of it can make it difficult to fit into a hdmi spot on your TV depending on space between your openings.  I, luckily,  have a side slot,  so it works well there.  However, if it's wedged between two others,  it may not work.The good. ..I love the small remote.  It's simple and comfortable.The phone app for it works ok, no complaints.The channels work well. I don't have cable,  and this is enough for me. Hulu should have a trial offer with Amazon on this thing,  but that's no biggie.I like that there is room for additions. I added XBMC to mine,  so I'll never need anything more.The wrapup... it's a great streamer.  I don't like the people's review of the $19 price.  That was a one time deal.  My opinions are based on it as if it was purchased today.  I have a Roku and that does just as good a job.  The Roku I have has a spot for my USB, but this doesn't.  However,  this was a third of the price.  It offers the same apps as the Roku at a better price.  If you get a Chromecast,  you get lag times and have to use another device to actually stream it. For the money,  this thing rocks! For $40, it's a great deal.
Don't waste your money on this.  I did not see any advisement when I purchased this about needing to have the router in the SAME room as the TV and device.  I bought this on July 15th and it came on July 20th.  Unfortunately I had to be away from the house from the 23 of July till Aug. 15th.  So I never really got around to setting this up until this past weekend.  I followed all of the instructions.  I also made sure that my phone and my Fire HD tablet were working in the same room as this TV is located.  I'm clarifying here that I knew the WEP Key and password and it was working on other devices.  I tried all weekend to make it work...the Fire TV Stick would never connect to the network.  Finally, after several tries I got connected by Amazon to the division that trouble shoots the Fire TV Stick.  We went through the whole process several times, we rebotted my router, we made sure the device was plugged in correctly.  It will not work.  Finally, the tech who was helping me asked where the router was. When I said in another room she advised me that was the problem. That the Verizon FiOS router couldn't provide enough signal strength for this device.  She said it needed to be in the same room as the router.  I told her that was absurd, why would you need the Fire TV device to watch something on a TV if you were sitting by the computer and could watch it there?  We left the discussion with them saying they had no opitions for me...either move the router closer or the device closer.  We have a ranch house and there is only one open room between the router and the Fire TV device.  One of the two techs said that the small size of the receiver inside the device needed a stronger signal.  I note now that the regular Fire TV system is no longer available.  I think this may be a total bust for them.  Since I took too long to try and install this it looks like I'm just stuck.  Amazon is telling me it is too late to return it.  This is a BAD idea, very poorly thought out....you simply would not buy this device to use along side where the router is.  SAVE you money...don't buy it or even think about it.
This was well packed and in packaging of high quality and app parts are seemingly of high quality. One design feature that is pretty stupid, however, is that the power cable hangs off the bottom edge of the fire stick, weighing it down so that it stresses the HDMI port. It is not loose or anything, but it just bothers me to have connectors under any sort of real, physical stress. Of course, had the cord come from the end it would have created *more* stress and would have made routing the power cord a PITA.It is not able to be played via USB - you MUST use an HDMI port on your television. Mine has four, so home theater, AppleTV and the Fire Stick - I still have one left. The interface is *not* AppleTV. It is its own thing and is easy to understand and (so far) to navigate. I have not yet discovered how to access Netflix. I have only used Amazon's own video library. (If I have an issue with using this I will update this review to reflect that.)The interface has built-in sounds for clicks and such, like AppleTV. I am a diehard Mac person (since 1987) and will nearly always use an Apple product if given a choice. To me this interface feels snappier and has sounds that are more subtle but give the experience a false sense of precision. I cannot really describe it, but the stupid sounds seem to actually improve the user experience.The remote is decent. It has more button than it needs, much like my Google Nexus 7 has more "button" icons for navigation than that excellent UI really needs. Apple has the edge on minimalism that works well. This menu and the remote buttons have a slight clunkiness to them. I like the extra buttons and they seem to work well, but I have become used to my Apple aluminum remote that is so beautifully simple. I see a massive remote with 40 buttons and I see some guy swilling beer in his recliner yelling at his wife to get him a "sammich" while he watches ESPN. The Fire Stick remote and aspects of the interface fall somewhere between this guy and the supremely simple Apple stuff. I like it, though, so despite having what I consider to be superfluous mechanical buttons (each being a part that could fail at some time in the near future) I rank it very close to AppleTV. It is as good, perhaps better in some ways, and is sleek despite the step backward in design.Setup was easy and fast. I really dislike the face that such a small device has a full-sized plug. In fact, the plug is absolutely crappy. It seems to be well made, but it is huge and will take up two or three spaces on your power strip, depending on how tightly yours is spaced. No excuse. Four stars specifically for this STUPIDLY DESIGNED plug. I have to see if there is any electrical difference between the same plug that the iPhone uses. It is very slick and fits neatly into a single space. It is USB and the Fire Stick's cord also is USB. I have to look into this as I have no more spaces on my strip because this unit took up two on mine - the one at the bottom where it lives as well as the one above it: there is no way to use that plug because the HUGE, square plug base covers up a LOT of the adjacent socket. Hey, Amazon! The nitwit who believed that a SQUARE plug fitting over a RECTANGULAR socket space needs to be fired, and the nitwit who APPROVED this idea needs to be beaten and locked in a room filled with Betamax tapes and VHS machines! Seriously?The user experience of this is pretty good. I would say it easily rivals (though does not really quite best) AppleTV at about half the price. If you have prime video and one of these you have a very cost-conscious way to have something very much like AppleTV and Netflix. No iTunes, though. Too bad that Amazon and Apple cannot play nice-nice and work out a deal so that Amazon can stream via AppleTV or even view Amazon content on my television at all. This is a bit of a "kludge" to remedy this, but it is a *very* high quality kludge that I will use often.Four stars only because of the idiotic size and shape of the USB plug unit. It would have been five, Amazon. Please fix this absolutely stupid plug and you will have a great piece of tech here!I recommend this highly, especially if you have Prime.
I researched multiple devices that I could use at home to stream movies and tv shows easily and efficiently.  I settled on the Fire TV Stick for a few reasons.  1. I have Amazon Prime and enjoy watching the movies offered.  I was using a Nintendo Wii for the longest time to access Amazon for Movies.  That was just too slow and I wanted something that was advertised as easier to use and faster.  2. The portable design.  I have multiple TVs in the house and didn't want to buy multiple devices for the home.  3.  The Price!  Can't beat the price of the device.  While I ordered it through Amazon, it wasn't going to get here quick enough.  I ended up purchasing through the local Best Buy for the same price offered on Amazon.  I brought it home, took it out of the box and plugged it in.  In less than a couple of minutes I was enjoying all that the Fire TV Stick had to offer.  I have read quite a few reviews about movies freezing on people or having setup trouble.  I'm not sure what they were talking about.  Not only is the device easy to set up and use, but the ability to use my android device as a "voice" remote was the topping on the cake!!  I just hit the app on my phone and the tv automatically switches from cable to the Fire TV Stick!  I wish there were more games available for the device, but that is my only complaint.  I also find myself renting movies more now through Amazon due to the high quality picture I get through the device.  I could never get a picture that clear when using the Wii to stream movies.  While the movies are a little more expensive to rent than going through Redbox, the quality and convenience are making me a solid backer of Amazon!  Get yourself a Fire TV Stick!!!
I already have a Chromecast, and bought the FireTV Stick during the promotional period because, hey, why not test the waters for 20 bucks. I also have a Roku 2 box, an Xbox One, MythTV PVR and XBMC (now Kodi) on Windows and Plex on, well, everything.In a nutshell: The FireTV Stick is a better deal than the ChromeCast, though it's not without its fairly big flaws. On the plus side, it comes with a real remote and an actual on-screen interface, making it easier to navigate than a ChromeCast.On the negative side, it still has a ways to go to get the full functionality that the ChromeCast has. While you can stream YouTube to it from a Chrome browser, this function is buggy (It's also buggy on my Xbox One so this may be Google's fault). The FireTV Stick pretty much requires a true power source as opposed to the ChromeCast's ability to get by with the USB service port on my TVs. The thing also takes several minutes to boot, rather than seconds with the ChromeCast, so I have mine set to stay on all the time. The FireTV also has a really annoying feature where it shuts the screen off after a certain idle period, so when you switch to that input it makes you think that the device has stopped working. There's no way to completely shut this off so far.Netflix and Amazon Video work well, as does Plex (The main reason I bought this other than the price). Screen mirroring from my Android phone works well but it almost requires an act of congress to set up, requiring the FireTV be in a weird target mode. Why can't it "just work" like the AppleTV does? If they're concerned with it being hijacked Tony Stark-style, just put a passcode on it.If you want a real remote and a real interface and don't mind an external power source, this thing beats the ChromeCast all day. However, for me I find it lacking in some key areas at this time - VLC just announced support for sending video to the ChromeCast, so I'm about to pick up a second one for the living room and put the FireTV in a drawer until they can increase the software's feature set. But I'm kind of an edge case because I have so many other devices. If they can match ChromeCast feature-for-feature, make the software a bit more polished, and make it 'just work' with everything I want to stream to it, it's a borderline 5-star device. For now, three stars.
My review will be in direct comparison to the full size Fire TV unit, rather than a standalone.Since I've owned the Fire TV, I've been hoping for a smaller, lower cost version that would be perfect for watching media on but not playing games. It's a nice feature to have, to be able to play games from the amazon appstore from time to time, but not my primary focus. And on that front, it's also a bit annoying to have to pull apks and adb air push them up to the fire tv if they were something you bought from the google play store. Obviously there are limitations and licensing issues, and amazon prefers to push their own aap environment, but I know this is a common feature desired by amazon device users across their range of android devices.In the setup department, I found the TV Stick very simple. My one complaint is that, as a person who already owns a Fire TV, I was required to sit through the annoying intro video (3-4 minutes?) rather than just plugging it in, joining wifi, and using it right away. I realize this is a minor complaint, but I think we've all experienced that excitement of opening a cool new item and then having to wait to use it. It's sort of like Christmas as a little kid, where you have to wait, hold up your gift, show it around, and smile for a picture when you just want to rip it open and start playing.For my primary purpose, the fire tv stick works well for streaming media both from web based services, and from local media servers using Plex. Where the fire tv definitely falls short of its big brother is in raw performance. If you have used the very smooth, responsive Fire TV, you will find the TV Stick is sluggish in comparison. It does not respond with the same speed or navigate through menus as quickly as the Fire TV. This is to be expected to some degree as it is lesser hardware and much cheaper. However, I suppose I just expected that there would be some optimization done to ensure a smooth experience. Of note, this responsive issue is actually more pronounced in the amazon menus for app and media spotlights, and less pronounced in apps such as Netflix and Plex. Those are actually very smooth and pleasant, though noticeably a little slower than on the full size Fire TV.In continuation of the weaker hardware, I have also experienced some skipping and stuttering of media from multiple sources, such as Hulu, Netflix, Youtube, Plex. Watching a video in my collection on Plex that I have watched several times, recently, on the Fire TV, had several moments when it stuttered for several seconds on the TV Stick. It does not happen so often as to make things unwatchable, but it is annoying, and it does not occur on the brawnier hardware of the Fire TV.I am hopeful that the slightly underwhelming experience is something that can be managed through software updates to increase efficiency, and think the device is still well worth getting. It is, in my opinion, the best device in its price range, though if you're capable of splurging a bit more for its big brother, I highly recommend it.
I wasted a lot of positive birthday energy on this purchase, don't make my mistake!I purchased and returned this item twice; the first time (a purchase from Best Buy in store), Amazon tech support informed me that I had a faulty unit because it would not play more than 90 seconds before losing the Wi-Fi signal.  For the record, I have extremely excellent in-home Wi-Fi...The second unit, also purchased at a Best Buy location, did a little better on the Wi-Fi signal, lasting about 5 minutes at a time. I then found that I had an even bigger problem:  channels (applications) I was assured by Amazon personnel that would work on my Fire Stick were not available.  Subsequent calls to tech support revealed that Amazon Customer Service agents were not listening to my entire description of the service I wanted, just a few words.  I specifically stated to three different Amazon employees (two customer service agents and the first tech support agent) that the channel or application I was looking to use on the Amazon Fire Stick was 'CBS All Access'.  For anyone not acquainted with it, 'CBS All Access' is a pay app, like HULU or Netflix that lets you watch past and present CBS shows, like Good Wife, Person of Interest and Big Bang Theory.Each time I asked, I was assured 'CBS All Access' would work;  after all, the tech support agent said, it works on my Kindle, so it should work on my Fire Stick... (FYI - This can be easily disproved:  HBO Go is available on my Kindle, and is not YET available for the Fire Stick)However, when the second tech support agent finally had my Fire Stick functioning well, imagine my surprise when the search pane could not locate 'CBS All Access'!  Apparently 'CBS News' is available, so it was assumed by each employee I asked that I was simply using the wrong name for the application.  And no, not once did anyone ask "Did you mean 'CBS News?', they simply agreed.Three total trips to Best Buy over the course of two days, no satisfaction whatsoever.  I believe this product was rushed to market with very little real-world testing, and Customer Service needs more training to handle the issues.  I would advise anyone looking to purchase now to wait until at least one more version of the Amazon Fire Stick is on the market.A few things to note:1. When the Amazon Fire Stick loses the Wi-Fi signal, you exit out of the episode completely, having to start the episode again.  Thois is very frustrating, especially if you have kids watching.2. Subtitles (for the hearing impaired) did not work well on the Fire Stick, and were difficult to read.3. Both my Kindle Fire and my Samsung Galaxy 5 phone had difficulty connecting to and remaining connected with the Fire Stick.  That means you cannot use them as remote controls as advertised.4. Advertising on television implies that you can search my actor, title, etc. ('Find Gary Busey!')  This might work on Amazon Prime using the Fire Stick, but a search for a specific movie does not yield results across all your installed applications.  I was under the impression that I could use this feature to narrow time spent looking for viewing options, but that is not the case.  A search for the Netflix Exclusive show 'Hemlock Grove', which is currently available to watch on Netflix, returned no results.5. Lastly, if you cannot use your phone or Kindle to do searches, the text selector is very klunky and frustrating, utilizing the up and down arrows on the remote to select letters and numbers for your search.Comparing all the features I thought I was getting on the Amazon Fire Stick verses my current viewing method, my Xbox 360, the Xbox is such a better option.  I'll buy my Dad an Xbox just to watch HULU and Netflix before I would consider another Fire Stick.Good luck and happy viewing, my friends!
The Fire Stick Works Great. However it doesn't come with a Power Button. The only way to turn it off is to unplug it. My USB Fire Stick is on back of TV so climbing over the TV wasn't something I wanted to Do. This leaves the only way to turn it off is unplug it from the wall. So I bought a extension cord with switch, So when I hit the switch it cuts the power. The Fire Stick comes with a Screen Saver I guess it stays on all the time. When cutting the power off all settings are saved so nothing will be lost. Once you turn it on the first time it will go to a screen asking you to log on or registered a amazon account. Once you are finished you can always go to setting and log out and log on or create a account. You can restore back to factory setting also. So for gift purposes you need not to worry anyone can created an account or log into their account. The main screen is an app screen this is an android device. So the main screen is Amazon screen from there you can log onto Netflix, Hulu, etc. However when logging into Netflix its an app screen. So a little different then the computer but still easy to work with. The streaming is Great, Perfect Picture, Perfect Sound. The Fire Stick comes with other stuff like Pluto TV which is all music videos kind of like MTV selected your type of music and watch all day. The fire Stick comes with a lot of stuff they are all apps so you have to click download and then the screen comes up. Overall its easy to work, easy to watch movies, music, etc. Its Fast the home button on the remote takes you back to the main screen. Its really nice to watch with the remote, kick back watch movies all day from the couch. I love it my only complaint is no power button but with the extension cord a flick of a button its off.
OK, it's working, but there is a learning curve. I had also ordered two digital books on using the Stick to supplement the meager instructions that come with, and they have been very helpful. One thing that I did learn was that when I ordered my HDX Kindle Fire, to replace my first LCD one, it was specifically because the product info told me that it would wirelessly "fling" video content to my Samsung TV - and it turned out that my TV was one year too old to be flung to, so the stick was my next option. BUT it also turned out that when i thought I was ordering HDX for my second fire, what I actually got was HD (with no X), and the Stick works with HDX, not HD. Bummed again. But there ARE ways to compensate. While I could not "mirror< from my Kindle Fire, I can from both my laptop as well as another tablet device that has an Android OS. Only after accomplishing that, I realized that mirroring is, for me, not as satisfactory as "pairing" my device, which does not require that the displays on the device and the TV screens to be tied together for the duration. Eventually I stumbled across the Fire TV Stick Remote App, which I DID download to my merely HD (not X) Kindle Fire, and THAT is the best solution of all - the actual remote that comes with the stick does not have voice control (although I believe you could order one separately), but since my Kindle Fire HD (not X) also has a camera and the microphone that goes with it, the app turns my Kindle Fire into a Fire Stick remote WITH voice control - and if you want to search by typing, the keyboard on your Fire is a hundred times better than selecting one letter at a time on your TV screen with the small Stick remote.SPEAKING of the remote, it is really cute, but too small, which makes it (1) easy to lose and (2) hard to use if you have big hands, fat fingers, or arthritis. I made a removable, padded "pant" with foam rubber and duct tape that addresses both issues (picture attached). Also, regarding the remote, iras VERY difficult for me to remove the back cover in order to install the batteries included in the  box -- SOLUTION for that - go to YouTube and search fire stick remote batteries, where you will find a video showing you exactly how to get into the dang thing. Seriously, I was on the verge of grabbing a hammer and smashing it like a nut, it was that exasperating.OK, so on now to the "one concern" referenced in the subject line. If you order your Stick from amazon (as opposed to getting it third hand or at a local retailer), it will come preloaded with viewing suggestions based on your amazon order history and, as you use it, it is supposed to refine its idea of things you might like to see. I just have to wonder how sophisticated this learning process is. It would be wonderful it it would distinguish things that you watch and enjoy from things that you start watching and find too horrible to continue. The QUESTION therefore is: does it imprint on things you SELECT, assuming that just because you selected it you would enjoy seeing similar things -- or can it learn to disregard things that you watch for a few minutes before determining it's not your cuppa tea. Part B of the same question -- is it possible to TEACH the device what to ignore but deleting things you did not like from your viewing history?
I bought the Fire Stick because Amazon Prime regularly prompted me that I wasn't using Prime for anything except free shipping. I used my laptop to watch part of a terrible movie, but that is not how I want to view content in my leisure time, thus the Fire Stick, so I can sit in my recliner and watch my plasma TV in comfort. I have only had my Fire Stick for a few days and admittedly, have not spent a lot of time playing with it and getting familiar with the functional use.Here is what I can say as of now: Setup was amazingly easy and quick. Plugged the AC adapter into the power and HDMI connector into the side of my TV and away it went! It found my network and after a few fumbles entering the network password with the remote, it recognized me and my Amazon Prime account and seamlessly finished the registration process and took me to an introduction screen. I tried it out, searched around a bit, and then watched 8 episodes of the hysterically funny Alpha House. Haven't spent enough time on functional searching, which is not so intuitive (there has to be better way than scrolling past the thumbnails of series and movies aimlessly when you really don't know what you are looking for). The next time I used it, nothing appeared on my TV when I pressed the designated input on the TV remote. I played around with it a bit on the Fire Stick remote and then back to the TV remote and it popped on. Not sure what that was about. I liked that when I went back to Alpha House, it recognized that the next episode in the series was where I wanted to be to continue. I didn't have to remember where I left off. I then programmed my iPad and iPhone to act as remotes. They aren't better than the Fire Stick remote, but I believe it does allow search function, which I have not investigated to date. Voice activation would be a plus. I don't think it is available for iOS, though, yet, but I could be wrong. I need to do more research and the Amazon site left me hanging after set up. Do I need to buy a Kindle book on using Fire Stick? Really? Meanwhile, it streams flawlessly. A/V function is superb. It won't replace my cable, but it is a nice adjunct. I have no comment how it works relative to Roku or Chromecast, but I got this one because I am an Amazon Prime customer and so much content is free.There are still too many remotes on my table: Pioneer TV (to turn on and change input), Comcast Motorola cable, Yamaha audio, Sony DVD, and now Fire Stick. I still have a Sony VCR, which I use as a digital clock under the TV, but it needs to be reset with power surges/outages. If there is a universal remote that isn't equivalent to flying a Boeing 777, I need it!
My amazon firestick has changed the way I look at and watch my television.  I've been a prime subscriber for a few years and thought free 2nd day shipping on my 60+ orders each year was a tremendous bargain. Amazon is my go to department store for every day items and gifts.i admit I ignored the relentless ads for Prime video and music and books. I was already invested in Google play and Google music; I wasn't interested in forging another digital relationship. But after giving an amazon fire tablet As a Christmas gift, I became curious and preordered the firestick. It was simple to connect.  The firestick was Intuitive, as one would expect from amazon,  up and running on phone, tv and computer in a few minutes. Being able to use my phone as a remote made me feel hip and cool, an unexpected free benefit for android users!  Sorry iphone, you'll have to wait. Just 24 hours into burning my firestick,  I've added a dozen movies  to my watch list, watched two indy flicks, + 2 documentaries, one on homeopathic medicine and another on aromatherapy while I was cooking dinner. I streamed several 50-song playlists that amazon prepared for reading, working, meditating and working out. I've streamed several albums and tunes that duplicate my costly google play library. I've been introduced to a couple of new amazon exclusive series to watch with big time stars like John Goodman, Laura Dern and Diane Ladd. I've been able to disconnect my pathetic Phillips WiFi DVD system,  hook up some inexpensive speakers AND finally stream netflix quickly and in hd with surround sound. The Internet is now my enter/infotainment department store. I have little use for broadcast TV except for the morning news. Did I mention the amazon NFL app? Ok Jeff Bezos, find a way to be my ISP, included in prime subscription, throw in some local broadcast tv and I will give you the keys to my debit card into eternity. That is what you want, isn't it?
I really wanted to like this stick. I bought it for a secondary TV. I have owned a Roku 3 as my main streaming device for over a year now and and I love it. It works great, never has a buffering problem, and has an easy layout to navigate. In fact, before we cut the cord, it was on the secondary TV the Fire stick is on now. Never had a problem. Since I cut the cord completely a month ago, I needed a second streaming device. I tried the Roku stick but it was getting an 011 error that the company couldn't fix, so I took it back. Then I ordered the Fire TV stick. It finally showed up and while better than the Roku stick, it still has enough problems for me to return it.ProsPrice. $39. Much cheaper than a Roku 3Remote. The remote is sleek and small. Not as bulky as the Roku remotes.Portable. The size would make it easy to take on vacation or to a friend/relative's house.ConsBuffering issues. We tried on several occasion to watch shows via Hulu. The picture quality wasn't very good and very quickly the picture would stop while the sound continued. I tried both pausing the show and backing out of the app. Neither seemed to help.Lip Sync. On multiple occasions while watching Netflix, Hulu and Prime the voices and picture were off. I would have to back out of the app and try again. It usually fixed after the first try. Sometimes it would take 2 tries. If you would fast forward or reverse the problem would happen again.Picture. This is probably due to the signal strength, but I never thought the picture was as good as the Roku.I was really hoping this would be a cheap option for my needs. I bet in a month or two with a firmware update this will be a nice little streaming device. Unfortunately, for now, it's too problematic
Seems to work almost flawlessly with Amazon Instant Video, Pandora, and Netflix but it gets pretty wonky with other popular apps such as Crackle, Vimeo, and a few others. Many times I get kicked back out to the main Fire TV menu whenever I try to stream movies. It doesn't seem like apps are updated very frequently, if at all. PLEX (which costs $5 on Fire TV, as opposed to free on Roku) is useless ( it freezes when trying to stream videos), maybe because its a really old outdated version. This Fire TV stick seemed to work like a dream when I first got it....but then, after about a month of use, a few apps started bugging out and it would randomly lose its Wi-Fi connection for no reason (when other devices in my home had no trouble at all with the same WiFi signal). Usually unplugging and rebooting the Fire Stick would remedy these issues...for a few days. I find myself switching back to my Roku boxes more frequently instead of hitting or missing with the same exact apps on the Fire Stick. So far, I've not experienced any problems with the games, though the selection of titles is very limited for the Fire Stick. I guess if you're really interested in gaming, spend the extra money for the full sized Fire TV box. Fire TV Stick is nice...when it feels like working. Oh well, I guess this is the very first version. Maybe it will preform better as newer models hit the market....oh, I almost forgot...and this could be the deal-breaker for some...if you own a library of UltraViolet digital movies, the ONLY app available on Fire TV Stick that will allow you to access them is Flixter...but it is TERRIBLE! It ONLY allows streaming in SD, not HD! I was really frustrated with the experience. I have a pretty healthy library of full HD classics in the cloud but they're only available to me via a very weak and pixelated SD stream on Fire TV Stick. There is no Vudu, M-Go, or CinemaNow that I can find. Also, I could find no Google Play app either. So if you happen to have a library of Google Play movies, then Fire TV is not for you. Instead, get a Google Chromecast if you wanna play your Google Play movies OR a Roku if you want to access both your Google Play and UltraViolet movies....also, I keep looking at the clock and calendar...waiting for HBO GO to show up on Fire TV Stick. Hopefully soon...
Okay, so after scouring the entire AMAZON site for useful help... my problem was that my item was not REGISTERED like they said it would, and I even have PRIME. If you must register your item... you can only do that if it is plugged in/ and in your account page where it shows your DEVICES.. it has to be shown there. Mine was not.2. You can't just plug in the HDMI stick into your tv. I was told the little extender HELPS w/reception.. so note that. The STICK is not a chargeable device. That is actually good, but you must know that the SEPARATE POWER CORD is not for charging, it MUST BE PLUGGED IN to work the STICK. That was my main issue. I thought like other devices I have used, RoKU, Cell phones, memory "sticks" you charge n go. But I am glad it is not that way, cuz then you would have to waste time charging the thing.Thankfully the customer service lady registered my DEVICE, FIRE TV STICK for me whilst I tried to find an outlet that would fit the FAT SQUARE POWER CORD... not a good thing, as it hogs your power strip.Finally, I hope this other issue is resolved with better design.. the remote battery cover would not come off to place the batteries in there. I felt like an ape ready to bang the thing and use a can opener to open the thing.. that could easily break from attempting to open.. until I got a rubber glove to forcefully pry the battery lid off. THEN I was able to install the batteries, and maybe foolishly, I even put a little vegetable oil on the prongs so it would slide off better next time. Uhhh.Once all that is done: GREAT to watch all my PRIME MOVIES, VIDEOS, TV SHOWS and all that good stuff. They need a better technical writer.. one who actually uses the product while writing them - as I once did in my profession.
Biggest piece of junk I have ever owned. If I could give this thing 0 stars I would. I got this to replace the functionality of my PS3. I use my PS3 to stream my movies from the PC to my TV. The Fire TV Stick is supposed to have apps that can do the same thing. It has a few apps that advertise they do.. but they don't. Of all the types of media files the apps can only read mp4 and even then the video is very choppy and only half of the audio is transferred. I have troubleshot everything in my network to make sure the problem wasn't from my end, and it is not. I can stream my movies flawlessly from my PS3, but not from the Fire TV Stick. Streaming media from my PS3 is not the only reason I bought this thing. I was also very interested in the Twitch.tv app. I have to admit that the Twitch app on my iPhone 4S is much superior than this piece of junk. You cannot log into your Twitch account from the Fire TV Stick and there is absolutely no search bar to look for specific casters or games. Since you cannot log into your Twitch account from this app, you cannot see if any of the casters you follow is casting, nor can you avoid those pesky commercials if you happen to be a turbo user. So if the caster you like to watch is not a big name on twitch and/or if he/she is not playing one of the top games on Twitch, good luck finding their channel. Oh and one last thing about the Twitch app on the Fire TV Stick. You can only watch on a crappy resolution. Looks like its 480p, and there is no way to improve the resolution. So basically I have a state-of-the-art, high definition TV, but am forced to watch Twitch in what seems to be 480p. Like I said, the Twich app on my cellphone is superior, not only in stream quality but also in functionality. This was the biggest waste of $40. I could have bought crack with that money and would have enjoyed myself more than I did with this piece of junk.
I want to start off by saying that I've had this stick for over three months now and I use it daily. When it works, I love it! Having the apps in one place is wonderful and I like having the remote so if someone wants to change the show/movie, I don't have to hand over my phone or stop what I'm doing with it. I must also admit that I'm not very picky; I also find some of the free games entertaining. Aside from the games, I use the Fire Stick for Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon prime instant video. I also like if, for example, I come across a link for a youtube video while I'm checking my email, I can get it on my TV with just one touch.Why isn't my rating 5 stars? Every day, sometimes multiple times per day, I cannot connect to the Internet. Now, the stick registers my internet connection and says the strength is "very good" but the stick is "connected with problems." Sometimes this will rectify itself within a few moments (such as the time to finish reading an email or article found while skimming Facebook) but most of the time, this error requires getting up, unplugging the stick from the power source, and restarting it. Now, that doesn't sound like too big of a pain, but when it is an every day issue, and for someone who tends to have TV/movies on for background noise while doing work/homework (like me), it can become frustrating. I'm hoping there will be an update coming out, since this didn't happen for the first few weeks.Also, there is frequently a problem where the video with freeze completely while the audio will continue, though this may be a Hulu problem, as it doesn't happen in any other app and my internet connection is always good.Lastly, if you scroll to the right using the remote, if you click right say, four or five times, the system will launch you forward at superspeed past several pages of options on Netflix/Hulu/Amazon. I'm not sure if that's a defect with my remote or what, but it too can become frustrating after a while.
Dear FireTV Stick,you are the best thing that happened to our family.  Combined with amazon Prime, this is a powerful device.  We have a chromecast and thought that was great, but with the Fire TV stick, we can do so much more.Since many reviews tell you about the product, I will share with you our traveling experiences.  We travel a lot and stay in many hotels.  Most hotels require you to go through an authentication process with their password when signing into their internet service.  With the FireTV stick, you select the wifi network to connect to and then if authentication is required, a page pops up asking you to sign in.  You sign in using an alphanumeric keyboard on-screen then hit the back button to return to the previous screen.  After a moment you are connected and your settings are just as you've left them before.The only frustrating part is that hotels often make you re-enable wifi every day, so you will be repeating this process often.  We haven't had success with our chromecast while traveling and this feature sets the FireTV stick apart for sure!  We can watch all of our shows on the hotel TV while away.The hotel room needs a TV with an HDMI port (there are some hotels who are still using old tube TV's- it doesn't work on them) Most hotels have this but some smaller hotels (usually in the middle of nowhere) don't have them.  For those visits, we just use our laptops.Don't forget to take it with you!  I have a reusable snack bag I keep it in and keep my car keys in them so I don't forget to take the FireTV stick with me.Ok, now about the product itself...Pros:It keeps the memory- we don't have to keep entering the WIFI code over and over againwe used it at a hotel and it was easy to connect- even through their verification interfacethere is a remote that doesn't have to be pointed directly at the TVYou can view prime only selections if you don't want to purchase itemsResets itself when there is an issueAutomatically connected to my amazon account out of the box (note- see below)Keeps a recently viewed tab to pick up on series that you left off on.stays connected longer than my chromecast doesVisually appealingCOnnects way better than our Chromecast in rooms that are pretty far from the router.Cons:Designed to be used with Prime- if you don't have a prime account, you can still use apps though.I wanted to cancel my prime membership this year (I don't care about free shipping because my orders are always over $35) but now  I think I'll keep it.Haven't figured out how to screencast.My son doesn't watch television so he doesn't know what commercials are.  He gets frustrated when we watch TV and there are commercials.  I blame you, Fire TV stick.Other Notes:I have some glitches but its often due to my own internet connection.I haven't used any of the games so I can't comment on those.
This is now my second Fire TV Stick, I am returning this one for a refund, and I won't be getting a third. The device has multiple issues, and since I've now seen them in two separate devices, I know it's a problem with the device and/or software, and not just a fluke.I'll start with what I believe they got right. First and foremost, IF it worked, it wouldn't be that bad actually. I've used multiple Rokus, Apple TV Netgear GO, Chromecast, and have 3 different "smart" TVs, and this would actually be my choice device, IF it worked. The interface is a little wonky, (I prefer Apple TV in this category) but the App selection is phenomenal and much more my taste than Apple's. The integration of games into the device is a great idea, even it you have to purchase a separate remote for a lot of them. Any apps/games you've already purchased via the Amazon Appstore are synced with the device so you don't have to purchase them again, which was a big plus as well. Adding 5 GB of storage for Video and Picture storage was also a big plus, though neither of my devices worked long enough to actually try out this function. The introduction was nice, I felt it would help people very new to this technology, even remote controls, understand how to use it.Now for what I didn't like. Like I said, the introduction was nice, however after the second device, as well as 3 factory resets, it was actually quite annoying and only added to my frustration of having to factory reset the device. The interface is very, VERY Amazon Prime based. I understand it's a Amazon product, but it makes it actually very difficult to get to other apps from the home screen. You're only allowed to store 10 "recent apps" and from there you have to search for the specific app. Sometimes that can be difficult if you don't remember the exact name. The other plug-ins get this area right, having the home button bring you to all your Apps. I love Amazon Prime, don't get me wrong, but I wanted an easier way to explore all my options. The remote itself is nice, but it feels cheaply made. The buttons stick, and will scroll continuously for 4-5 clicks on occasion, which isn't a big deal for selecting apps, annoying, but still functional. The problem there lies in the ability to play games with the included remote. It makes it near impossible to control games, which takes one of the best features of the device, and makes it meaningless.Now to the issues I had with the devices. The first device I received worked great for about 2 weeks, then it would close apps automatically, play apps automatically, select settings, etc. I am unaware if this is due to the remote being much more faulty than the one I'm currently using (it still auto-clicks, but not nearly as often) or if it was part of the software. I did a factory reset, and it worked for a few more days, but then started again, so I returned it.The second device's issues are definitely more software/hardware based. This one has the same issues as the first, with the added fun of deleting apps without me, usually in sleep mode. Running apps while in the home-screen. Freezing, but still playing, for 3-30 seconds then fast forwarding to catch up. I would think that was the application itself, but it happens on every app, games included. The Wi-Fi will work for about a day after a reset, then it will only see 2 out of the 12 or so of the networks surrounding my home, mine never included. That is after it takes about 5 minutes to scan for the networks. It will stop seeing the connection, even while streaming, so I'm unaware why that happens.I honestly think it will be a great device, if they work everything out with it, but I'm not going to see if the 3rd time will be the charm for me.
I started out giving it a 5 star review due to the cost of when I bought it. After using it for almost two months I have subtracted stars as follows:-2 star: Randomly drops wifi signal. The device is less than 10 feet from my router and in about the same general area as my Wii so clearly not a router issue when I can access my router a block away with my phone and in my backyard with any of my tablets or laptops. (I have three antennae on my router). Secondly the reason I know it's not my routers is due to the fact that I have to keep re-entering the WiFi info like router name and password.-2 stars: Incredibly poor video quality on Netflix and Amazon Prime. By this I mean that when trying to watch a standard TV series it pauses, stutters, jerks and comes up with discoloration and random decompression artifacts. I'm on a 50+mb/s internet connection so it's not my wireless. No other wireless device in my home has this issue. Let me repeat, NO OTHER DEVICE HAS THIS ISSUE! Not my 4 android tablets, one of which will stream 1080P all day long and one being a Kindle Fire HD, not my iPad mini, not my 3 phones, not my two laptops, not my Wii, and definitely not my two desktops which one is connected by LAN.-1 star: Requires an unplug and wait 2 minutes for it to cool down after about an hour and half to two hours of watching, or more than 5-10 minutes paused video. This is really annoying, my Wii will play all night long on Netflix without complaining. The Fire Stick will start stuttering jerking, pausing and then totally and completely freeze solid not more than one or two episodes in to a series, or about the end of a movie. I've gotten in the habit of just keeping it unplugged and then plugging it in just before I turn on the TV. This will allow me to get through most movies and maybe two or three short episodes of a TV series (read 2 or 3 episodes of that 70 show).+1 Star for the large selection of movie apps. If only half of them worked for more than an hour or two.Other thoughts:I'm a geek, seriously a geek. I have a Kindle Fire HD, Samsung Galaxy Player 4.0, Samsung Galaxy player 3.0, 2 x LG L9's, Nexus 5, Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro, Toshiba Thrive tablet, Acer Iconia, Ipad Mini, and probably another few tablets and WiFi devices that I can't remember off the top of my head. I have never had such poor performance from a modern day device as I've had with the Fire TV Stick. If I could buy it again for under $20 bucks I might consider it. I "might" consider it. I've given it several months to prove itself and I've come to the conclusion that my next streaming device will either be a Roku or Chromcast. This thing is just so much headache to get a good evening worth of video watching it's not worth the money. I figure my time at work is worth about $50/hr give or take. Spending a half hour on this piece of junk every weekend to get it to stream smoothly blows whatever saving I might have had out of the water.Save your money and move on.Notes to comments that are sure to come:1. Yes I'm using the official power supply that came with the Stick.2. No, I'm not using any unofficial side loaded apps.3. No, I have not hacked it to sideload apps yet. (I usually wait 3 - 6 months to get a solid bench mark of the "vanilla" device before tinkering).4. Yes, I have spent hours troubleshooting the WiFi to definitively rule out the router as being the source of the problem.5. No, I'm not using any HDMI extender cables that might be causing an impedance issue.6. Yes, I let it sit for several minutes when restarting it.7. Yes, I've tried unplugging it before usage to rule out power drain overheating.In summary, if it worked the interface and selection of movie apps would win it a 5 star review for me. Unfortunately the amount of tinkering and finicking I have to do with it on a weekend basis ruins it and demotes it as nothing more than a novelty media device for me and hence gets a 1 star review.
I’m what you would call a media junkie. I love all things TV, movie, music and gaming. So, naturally, products like the Apple TV or the Amazon Fire TV are right up my alley. I was honored to test out an Amazon Fire TV and was thrilled to hear about the Fire TV Stick release. It’s amazing to me how such a small device can have so much power. Tiny, weightless hard drives that fit in the palm of your hand now take the place of the old 20 pound video cassette recorders of the 80s and 90s. The technology just keeps getting smaller and more powerful.Not having much experience with the ‘thumb drive media players,’ I wasn’t sure what to expect from the Fire TV Stick. What I found out the box was an incredible pint-sized device. It looks a lot like a USB thumb drive, but the input end is an HDMI cable. To get started, you simply plug the Fire TV Stick into an HDMI port on your television. It comes pre-registered to your Amazon account and is ready out of the box.The Fire TV Stick comes with a remote that is very similar to the FireTV except that it does not include the microphone for voice search. The Fire TV Stick is compatible with Voice Search, but needs the voice remote, which is sold separately.Once I plugged in the Fire TV Stick into our television, I simply went to the correct input on the TV and pressed the home button on the remote. The introduction is the same as the animation you see when you start the FireTV for the first time. And, the menu is the same as well. In fact, I have found the the Fire TV Stick works as well as, the FireTV box. I primarily use it for TV and movie viewing through apps like Netflix. Fire TV Stick has access to a massive amount of digital content. There are many apps available like Netflix, Amazon Instant Video, Hulu Plus, Crackle and YouTubeSo, what makes Fire TV Stick so much better than its competitors? The answer is in the stick. Fire TV Stick has a dual-core processor, up to 1080p HD, certified Dolby Digital Plus surround sound, Dual-band (MIMO) Wi-Fi, and 8GB storage. It’s fast and fluid from its interface to streaming video. With the Fire TV Stick’s VideoCore4 graphics engine and 1 GB of memory, there aren’t many media devices that can touch it. It does require outside power from either the USB port on your television or the included power adapter. I would recommend using the power adapter because some USB ports are underpowered and you could experience a lag when trying to move through menus or view programs using your Fire TV Stick.If you are looking for a media player, I can highly recommend the Fire TV Stick. It’s quick, responsive, affordable and can’t be beat by its competition. To be honest, I always saw ‘stick players’ as a secondary media player, but after using the Fire TV Stick, I would choose it over media player boxes for most of the TVs in my home. It’s got such a small footprint, easy installation and works so well."This product was received at a free or discounted price in exchange for my review. I am a technology journalist and pride myself on providing fair and honest reviews. Please feel free to ask any questions you might have."
I am so disappointed with the Fire TV Stick.  I have two Fire TV's, a Fire Phone (which, in fact, I have promoted to the hilt...I have talked 8 people out of IPhone 6 phones and into Fire Phone because I believe in it so much...I should get commission!) and now I ordered 2 Fire Sticks...one for me and one as a gift for my father.  I couldn't believe it when it arrived...I thought it was so cool.  Then my opinion quickly changed.  My dad had been waiting since Christmas for me to install his for him.  He is very particular when it comes to tidiness.  He had a company come out and mount  his tv on the wall so that no cords...and I mean NO cords showed whatsoever.  My dad was excited and that made me so happy...he is so hard to buy for!I have a spinal cord injury and can barely walk (I use a walker or wheelchair) and can't drive at all so we had to arrange a time when he was in town and I wasn't in too much pain to travel to his house.  Last night the stars aligned and I was able to go.  I couldn't wait to install it for him because he was soooooo happy and couldn't wait to see what all it did.Then came the "unboxing" and reading of the directions.  I couldn't believe my eyes when I read the fact that it had to be plugged into the wall...which meant a cord hanging from up where the the tv was, down the wall and into the outlet.  My dad simply (well, not so simply and definitely not toocordially) refused to do it.  I cried...I thought I had finally gotten a present right and I failed again.  He is so mad that he won't even return it to get something else.  So, it is not really him that's out 40 something dollars...it's me.  I am still so upset!  What was Amazon thinking with the design of this thing.  In a day and age where people are mounting their TV's on their walls with nothing showing like works of art.  And some of these Smart TV's (like my father's) are, indeed, works of art.So, here I sit, so disappointed.  And I am such a loyal Prime Member and talk people day in and day out into buying your products...and rave about your customer service...but now, I am questioning all of that.  I mean, when you have to live on disability insurance, 40 something dollars is quite a bit of money.  I am seriously considering doing business elsewhere...and before you just write me off, take a look at my account and the sheer volume of business I do with you.  I don't have much money to spare, but what I do have almost always goes to Amazon.I think that the right thing to do would be to show me that I do matter to Amazon and you do care that I am truly upset to the point of tears over a product of yours.A loyal customer,Deana Bell
Now that we have it working ---- we love it.  we have been using the WII to access Netflix and it is extremely cumbersome. So I thought this would help my disabled daughter to access Prime and Netflix easier.  Well, It is wonderful.  But I would have given it 5 starts if it hooked up easier.. Since it says to connect it to you USB port for power and HDMI for access, I did just that.  then spent the next 3 hours going over my gateway, ip  dns etc ...connections trying to get it online.  Finally I gave up and called the "call me back" number and withing 10 minutes I was up and running.My advice to anyone having an issue connecting to their gateway to plug it into the WALL not the USB port and make sure your HDMIconnection is good. Switch to a different one  around if it wont work.All that being said it is amazing how easy it is to navigate around the options.  We love it ... I think I get a couple more for the other TV.s although you can just move it with you if you want.maybe i"ll give it 4 1/2 stars LOLSorry I have to update this.  We can no longer use the Fire Stick.After I got it working it was wonderful......  for a time.  Then we started getting streaming issues.  2 or 3 times a movie.  Then it became impossible to watch for more than 3 minutes at a time. We would have to wait until it buffed more and then another 2 or three minutes of movie.  We have our WII hooked up to the same TV and netflix works perfect if we use that but we didnt like the control remote.  I was going to buy one for my bedroom because it seemed so good.  Im glad i didn't -  Anyone know if the $99.00 works any better????I have called Amazon's teck support and they tried to help.  He gave me at least 3 options to try to correct the problem but none of the resolved the issue.  I want to return the unit and either get a new one -- since it could be the units problem or get my money back.I'm so dissappointed.
Got real excited for this little streaming stick, but unfortunately I can't say that my experience has been all good.Problems:1. Sometimes Crackle app doesn't work.  Never had this problem with my Chromecast.2. Sometimes casting Netflix movies from phone doesn't work.3. In the Hulu app, sometimes the video freezes but the audio keeps playing.Chromecast would rarely have problems.  I won't say never but the Fire TV Stick definitely has more problems.  The only plus side was the Fire TV Stick was only $19.  I'll keep using it for now and hope Amazon keeps updating the software, and hopefully developers maintain their apps and make sure they work well with Amazon's OS.But, if the problems persists, I'll have to go back to my Chromecast.  Maybe I'll start buying my movies and TV shows through the Google Play store instead of amazon.  Hmmm... What do you think Amazon?* Update March 8th 2015 *I changed my rating from 2 stars to 1 star.  My FireTV stick has problems maintaining a WiFi connection.  I have a roku, tablet, my phone, laptop, and a Chromecast that are all in the same vicinity and they all have no problem keeping a connection with my wifi.  I also get errors in Netflix more frequently that day "we can play this video at this time.". If I go to my roku or chromecast, it plays just fine.  The amazon video just started do the same thing.  I think it has to do with not maintain ing a WiFi connection please it will have trouble loading the home page and the network set up will come up.  I don't think I should have to change anything on my part BC all my other devices work just fine.  FireTV is the only thing that is having trouble.  I would not recommend this to anyone for their streaming needs.  Get a roku or a Chromecast if amazon video isn't important to you.
When I received this in the mail I was very worried after I started reading reviews (kind of did that in the wrong order I admit).  There are a lot of reviews saying the stick simply doesn't work very well, and many of them are very recent as of the time of this writing.That being said, mine works perfectly.  My router is in my living room and the fire stick is getting the signal all the way up in my bedroom through a vaulted ceiling and more or less diagonally from the router for what that's worth.  The signal is probably travelling about 30-50 feet and is almost flawless.  A one second pause will occur when scrolling through movies or shows very quickly, but that's about it.  I streamed a movie and a few shows over the course of two separate evenings and had no problems.  I also have the middle of the road internet service from my provider, so I'm not using anything crazy fast.  Perhaps some people don't have very good/consistent internet speed?  Maybe they're not using the extender cable that comes in the box (which is recommended)?  I wouldn't know, but I have had zero problems after using mine in a typical fashion on multiple occasions.I think the Fire Stick, Chromecast, and Roku will be seen as more or less identical to most people, although the Fire Stick gets a point docked for not having HBOGo.  With Prime having some HBO stuff they obviously already have a relationship with them so I'm not sure what the hold up is.  If you love HBO like I do you'll have to wait until spring of this year to use it on your Fire Stick.All in all this is a great device and I don't think you can go wrong with any of these sticks.  If you like "Amazon stuff" and can wait a little while longer for HBOGo, it's a solid purchase and a great alternative to paying for another cable box in a room you don't use all the time.**PS:  I had to order these from Best Buy since Amazon is out of stock until after Valentine's Day (don't ask me how that works.  back orders?).  I personally would not recommend buying from them.  They were sold out in store so I had a couple shipped to me for free.  Only took one day, however one of the two I bought had the seal broken on it, although everything looked well-packaged inside.  Took it home and I was actually IN someone else's Prime subscription.  As in, I could've sat there and ordered movies and shows to my heart's content on someone else's dime.  This was confirmed by the fact that when I went to sign in to Netflix, someone's e-mail address was already in there.  In short, do not buy from Best Buy and definitely don't return yours there unless you can wipe it clean or ensure that they will do it for you.**
I have been a loyal Amazon customer for years and have been raving about the company to anyone who will listen.  This will soon stop after my dissatisfaction with finding this product, ordering this product, and then not being able to use this product.I have been trying to purchase this product for months because I love Amazon.  I was excited to choose a product they created thinking it would be as wonderful as my experiences had been with the company.  I was wrong!I looked on the Amazon site for months and it was constantly sold out.  Finally, I decided to order it through Best Buy which was an even bigger hassle because most stores don't have it in stock.  It must be ordered and shipped.  I waited at home to receive my shipment later than promised and then traveled off to work out of town.  I stay in hotels and surprisingly the hotel in this tiny town has terrible cable.  I ordered this product, waited for it, and finally was ready to use it only to find out that it wouldn't connect to the network.  I tried to use the chat feature to resolve my issue and found out that the fire tv department only offers support through out going calls.  They called me only to tell me that there was no resolution to my problem.  This PORTABLE steaming video player will not play on a network that requires authentication.  One of the biggest selling points is the size and thus portability of this product!  That really doesn't help if you can't use it outside of your home!I have had a roku for probably 5 years now.  I have bought them for friends and family because the product was so wonderful.  I should have stuck with what worked and purchased another roku.  The newer ones are flash drive size as well.  I really thought Amazon would offer a superior product though so I went for it!  DO NOT buy this product!  It is not worth the hassle!  The competitors products work as well if not better and are of comparable prices!
I purchased my Fire TV Stick from Best Buy. At first I wasn't sure it would work as promised. However I went with the majority of the reviews and have to say it is absolutely a great device. I have seen in some of the reviews that people have streaming issues. One thing I can say is that I have seen only a couple of "stutters" in the 10 plus movies and tv shows I have watched from Amazon Prime. One great addition I love about it is the ability to side load apps. I have put Kodi on it and now can steam my movies from my NAS to my bedroom tv. In the past I have relied on various streaming programs and have felt all have an interface that is too complicated. The interface for Kodi it nice and easy. Having said that I love the interface of the Fire stick itself. It is very user friendly and setup was breeze. I have mine connected to my Wireless N hot spot which is about 80 feet away and I have no connection issues. I know I have has problems with ISP provided wireless routers, they have been less that reliable. I would recommend getting a good wireless N router. If you have playback issues I would look to see if the problem is with the service you are using or the WiFi connection itself. I can steam local media over my network with no stutters of any kind and it wall works great. So I know the stutters have to do with the data coming from my ISP which I have no control over. All in all I would highly recommend this device to anyone who is looking to stream online content plus the ability to stream local media. If you are going to hook this unit up to your main TV I would probably go with the Fire TV box as it has the ability for a hard connection, but for a secondary TV like in a bedroom the Fire Stick is perfect.
All in all, not bad, especially at the price point of $20 (not sure I would be quite as satisfied at the $40 level). I bought this for a separate TV in my office/guest bedroom. The menus are pretty easy to figure out and are intuitive. The remote is fantastic in my opinion. The general layout could be better, as it can be a pain to navigate around sometimes.I primarily use it for netflix/hulu plus/amazon prime videos. I've also used it to play a few games, though I do not own the game controller which has limited what games I want to play. The games ran fine. My problem, and the primary reason why I've deducted two stars, is in the streaming content. The fire tv stick has a tendency to "freeze up" while streaming for me. These freezes only last a second or two; just enough to cause things to appear jerky. It happens once or twice an episode of whatever tv show I'm watching at the time. Normally, I would blame this on my internet, but unlike the vast majority of America, I actually live in a place I can get reasonably fast internet for cheap. In addition, I have another TV in a different room hooked up to a PS3 on wifi that I've never experienced this issue with. So, I believe its the fire tv stick itself. I believe the stick may be having overheating problems which is leading to the problem. When in use, my stick can be extremely warm to the touch, almost to the point of burning. So far, it hasn't been a problem outside of the occasional jerky problem, but I am concerned that it will eventually become a larger problem (and if it does, I'll be sure to come back and update to one star).Edit: Problem has in fact worsened over the past few months. Freezing is very common, sometimes within minutes of beginning to use the product. As stated before, I know it isn't my internet, as my PS3 located farther from the router than the fire stick (which is in the same room as the router). Likely won't buy one again.
I just got mine plugged in and set up, I've also downloaded the remote app (haven't had a chance to utilize it yet so I may add more commentary later).My initial out of the box impression was good. It was very straightforward and I hooked everything up properly without needing to review the enclosed install information.However one gripe, WHAT'S WITH THE BATTERY DOOR!? maybe it's just mine, and I haven't searched the reviews to see if this is an issue others have had, but getting the door to slide open on the remote battery is quite a challenge. I finally got the batteries in but was concerned I was going to break the remote just forcing the door open. Great if you've got a kid who messes with battery doors like I do (unfortunately this isn't a remote he'll use!), but not great if you want to change the batteries with minimal effort (there's no trick, it's just really "stuck" and hard to slide, nothing to pinch or push in involved).**Another little issue for me was that I didn't notice or Amazon didn't say (I'm not sure, so I can't complain with confidence ;) it wasn't in stock when I ordered so I was unpleasantly surprised to wait nearly a month to receive it... but that's not reflective of the product itself.It worked beautifully on my first spin and I found it to be exactly what I was hoping for. I have mine connected to a HDMI port on a computer monitor.Update: Seems more responsive and faster than our Roku 3, I really like the nature screen saver that's built in. Very happy with this purchase. The only negative with its use for me is the "AmazonCentric" main screen. I wish it was more like Roku in that respect, I enjoy Prime but would prefer the device was pushing outside downloads a little more and allowing you to organize a home screen that isn't built around Amazon Prime.Second update: I was very excited about this item overall and it was sitting plugged into the monitor it has worked on all along, for about four months, used only a handful of times (never moved/dropped/taken on the go/exposed to elements, etc) ..when last night I discovered all it does now is show the Amazon logo and refuses to boot. Flashbacks to all the android cell phones I've loved and lost!I tried all the resetting options and took it to my other television that works with a Roku, nothing..just up and died in its sleep I guess.  Amazon is luckily replacing it, but it was very frustrating to waste an hour or so dealing with the problem (and customer service)...plus I never did get to watch my show last night. Jeez, ok, first world problem.. I'll cross my fingers I get years and not months out of the next one.
I use Chromecast and the Fire TV Stick for streaming tv shows and movies so that's what I'm focusing on in this review. I'm a Chromecast fan, but for me the Amazon Fire Stick wins hands down because  I can stream from Amazon Prime and also Netflix, and the remote that comes with the Fire TV stick is more convenient.  I paid the full 39.99 and it's totally worth it.With the Fire TV Stick, I love that I can now stream to my tv while freeing up my iPad mini, which is how I usually watch shows. I love that Fire TV Stick has a remote. If you want voice activation, you need to download the app to your phone. (I haven't bothered to use that yet and don't really care about it.) Searching with the Fire TV Stick remote works pretty well, though it could be more intuitive. Basically, some shows are featured and you can select them with the remote, but otherwise it's an alphabetical search by name of the show or you can search by actor (which is cool I think). Picture quality is great and streaming is fast. I've experienced no interruptions in streaming as of yet. Setup was easy. You do need a nearby outlet and opening that remote to insert the batteries is a feat. Customer service explained just push down on the line and slide and if necessary take a screwdriver or tool to wedge in as you push and slide down. I finally got it open by wedging a dull knife in there. I'm a happy camper being able to watch Netflix and Amazon Prime on the big screen while still playing games, shopping, emailing etc. on my iPad mini. Fire TV Stick has other options, like gaming if you buy a controller, music, etc. But I'm not reviewing those functions as I will never use it for other purposes (especially because the Amazon Echo I ordered will be here soon and I intend to use that for music).As to Chromecast, we got one when it first entered the market and were so impressed with the capability of streaming Netflix on our big screen living room TV.  But unless it's evolved and I'm just not aware of the changes, for us it has had limitations. I watch Amazon Prime a lot and it is not available on Chromecast, so we really only use it for streaming Netflix. For that reason alone, the Fire Stick is preferable to me as I like Netflix and Amazon Prime. Also, Chromecast has no remote, and I have to use my iPad mini to start, stop, pause, rewind, etc. I get annoyed being responsible for the operation of the show the family is watching unless I'm watching it too. We also sometimes have lags in streaming Netflix. Chromecast is still a great product and was so innovative when it hit the market, but it has limitations and is not as versatile for my needs as the Amazon Fire TV Stick -- which in my opinion surpasses Chromecast for streaming shows because it has also has Amazon Prime available and has a remote I can use instead of my iPad mini. If I had to pick one, I would pick the Amazon Fire TV stick.
If I had done this review sooner I might score it higher, but it doesn't last. For a Wi-Fi only device the Wi-Fi needs to be able to last more than a month.PROS:-I really liked being able to not have my noisy game system on to watch Netflix and Amazon Prime content.-Had some casual games that were mildly entertaining as well that were available in the marketplace.-Was easy to setup and connect to my wireless, downloaded update just fine and was watching movies soon after unpacking it.-Portable, was great to take to the in-laws over Christmas break and have easy access to my content on their large TV.CONS:-Wi-Fi chip doesn't last, reading others reviews many of us might be "too close" to our routers so the strong signal could be damaging the chip. Wish I had known this was an issue with the fire sticks, I fear its too late now though, the damage is done. It's constantly dropping and has been getting worse and worse. Disconnecting the power then plugging it back in used to work for a little while, but last night was so bad I couldn't watch more then a minute or two, kept disconnecting then connecting back up, I unplugged the power and turned my game console on to finish watching a show. My router isn't the issue, every other device I have works fine, both on the 2.4 and 5GHz ranges.-No off button/switch/setting. It goes to sleep sure, but if you want it off you'll have to unplug it. Probably doesn't help the Wi-Fi last longer if it can never turned off.-Not very many apps/games. Typical Amazon product locked into the Amazon approved apps, but this has even less. To be fair it is a new product and the list has grown since I received mine.All in all it was a good unit that I used a lot while it worked, but 1 month is way to short of a life that I can't rate this higher then 2 stars. I haven't called Amazon support yet and many say they will replace it if it is faulty, but is the phone tech stress and time worth it for a $20 item? I haven't made up my mind on that yet.
UIJust to get it out of the way: The interface sucks. It is terrible. Sorry for not starting that comment with "I think", but it's pretty obvious that Amazon was going for marketing > user experience. The controller works very well. It is simple and ergonomic.Streaming!?Youtube and Netflix can stream from their respective apps (ala Chromecast) on my Android phone, which was an unexpected and pleasant surprise! I hope more apps get in on this, because, once again, the actual firetv/stick app interfaces are nauseating.GamingAnyhow, some simple gaming added some gimicky fun. The Frogger knockoff (Crossy Road) is amusing and entertains my kids. I will be purchasing a game controller (a $12 Gamestop one, NOT the $40 brand name... Forty dollars? Really? This isn't an Xbox). I'm gonna play some Sonic the Hedgehog, which I got as a free app of the day back in December! I'm genuinely excited for the nostalgia.Android AppPretty well done! While I'd rather tap directionals than swipe up/down/left/right, the app is very intuitive! Most notable is the microphone, which is activated by pulling down on a top 'handle' and holding down while you talk. Upon release, the search begins instantly, and is fast!I hate waiting for Google or Siri to listen an additional second to make sure that I've finished talking before beginning to search, OR if I pause or stumble, go ahead and search my half-finished thought. Won't happen here.HOWEVER, only being able to search Amazon makes the search tool useless anyway, so that was a wasted paragraph.The HUGE Selling PointIf a person was so inclined (not necessarily me...), it is RIDICULOUSLY easy to load Google Play Store apps to your device straight from your phone! You can put more apps on there than even Google TV has available (If that's your thing...). This includes tons of TV/Movie apps and Games that would (hypothetically) make this device a very complete system. There are also apps that allow you to bypass the crappy Amazon UI with quick links on your phone/tablet.In all, I use it more than the Chromecast, simply because it can do everything and more. I'd pay more if I could directly stream from more apps on my phone...
I must say that I am pleased, so far. Having a Chromecast before, this does everything that it's predecessor did... the features I used, anyhow. I do, however, believe that there is need for improvements:1. Service integration - Chromecast didn't do this either, however, I know the Xbox 360 (and most likely the Xbox One) do this. For services available on the platform (Netflix, Hulu Plus, Youtube, VUDU, Target Ticket, etc.) when you searched for a movie/video, it would include results from those services. Now I believe that, given this platform, Amazon could take it a step further and integrate services subscribed to (in my case netflix and Youtube) into not only the search, but the main screen as well. So when I go into the "Action/Adventure" genre on the Home page, it would include Action/Adventure Titles from Services I subscribe to. Honestly, I know Netflix is a competitor, but if the services is available for download, why not make it streamline for your customers that pay for your product and/or service. When a movie/video is selected that is in one of these services, it could either warn that it has to open the other service OR just open it.2. Casting - I know there are at least a few decent "casting" apps out there. the problem is that, given the nature of the product, this should be already baked into it. I'm not saying screen mirroring (though that would be nice, too), I'm saying that if I have a home movie, video, or song that is playing on or physically on my mobile device (be it Phone or Tablet), I should be able to "cast" it to the Fire TV/Fire TV Stick and watch/listen to it on my TV (without having to download a lot of extra softeware to my phone/Fire TV). Granted, some of these still required exra software with chromecast, too. However, I found out, completely by accident, that the Gallery (already included in my Samsung Galaxy S5) had the ability to cast photos and videos that were already on my phone to my Chromecast, without any extra programs not already included. Given that they (Google) seem to be standing still in improving their product (saving getting their developer partners to do the work and "include" their cast code in their apps), I believe that if they can integrate it, so can Amazon.3. Create a Fire TV Remote (FTR) App that is optimized for Tablets - Don't get me wrong, I love the app, but sometimes it's easier to grab and/or read the Tablet. AND with more real estate on most tablet screens, there are multiple possibilities for enhanced features such as Second Screen (info about movie, Music Video), Alerts about new movies, search right on tablet (have search results come right up on tablet, select on tablet, start on Fire TV), and so much more.4. Fire TV Remote (FTR) Application / In General - Though I appreciate that this is "easy" I do believe that there are some things that could be added to the FTR App. As said above, I believe Second screen could be added to the phone app too, displaying such info as movie cast/crew, release date, interesting facts about a scene you are watching, the name of the song in the background in the scene, etc. Maybe even list movies that include one or more of the stars of the current movie/tv show you are currently watching.Again, above all, I love it so far. I do believe there can be improvements, of which I've listed a few of my top ones. If you have a chromecast and are not happy, I do recommend that you look into the Fire TV or Fire TV Stick. I'm fairly certain that you will be more happy.
I like that it's small and I can plug it into my receiver.  It's great that it allows me access to my Amazon music lists, Amazon video,etc.  But it has some serious flaws.  Apple TV is way better so far.For starters, it's a little glitch.  Sometimes Amazon music just hangs and hangs and won't let me do anything.  Sometimes the video streaming also gets hung up.  And it is NOT my wifi network.  I have 3 networks in the house, and this one is running on a fast 5 ghz network, which is not competing with any other computers in the house, connected to a 50 gbps cable connection.When it does hang, there is no easy way to reboot it from a menu.  I have to unplug the power cord from the wall to do a reboot.The single most annoying thing though, is the parental controls.  With Apple TV, I can restrict content by rating, however if I want to watch something that's rated R, all I have to do is enter my code and it will play.  With the Fire TV stick (and I'm guessing with the regular Fire TV), if I have Amazon Video restricted (there's no option for restricting by content, it's either on or off) you have to back out into the settings and turn parental controls off, then go back into Amazon Video and find your video.  Why the hell can't I just enter the code to bypass the parental controls for that 1 video instead of having to turn parental controls off first?They seriously need to update the software.  Apple TV is way better at this point.  I have both, and really only got the Fire TV stick for Amazon Video and music, but at this point I'm better off just streaming from my ipad to the Apple TV over airplay.
I've had an older Roku 2, (passed that on to my girlfriend) I also own a chromecast and a PS3  The fire tv stick is pretty great. however...Pro'squickeasy to use slick interface (except for new apps search ::see below::)Small and portable... was able to just throw it in my bag to take it with me when visiting familyLove that it includes a remote (unlike the chromecast) So i don't have to have my phone around to use it.Con's  (fix these issues and 5 stars all the way)Searching for new apps is not intuitive.  They have a featured apps section and a new section.. but i just want a list of apps in alphabetical order so i can see what you have, maybe a "by catergory" section as well.  Did i miss something? because i had trouble finding some of the apps that are listed in the advertisement.Youtube app "casting" from phones, computers, tablets .. does NOT work.  it pops up a youtube symbol like all my other devices as if it's about to load (the device casting thinks it's playing or about to play on the fire tv) but it just doesn't.  It goes back to the regular youtube screen.  For now my work around is to play the item in question for a few seconds on the first device and then reload the history section on the fire tv so I can play it on the tv.  Annoying ... all my other devices work beautifully for that.  I love being able to throw stuff on the tv when showing it to friends. And they can do the same so long as they are logged on the same network. Now only I can do it with my work around as both the fire tv and your other device has to be logged into the same youtube account.No HBO Go ... prolly would still give it 5 stars without this.. def 4 stars if they fix the other two.  I know i know.. spring.. but come on!
I truly love this new Fire stick.  I purchased this when Amazon offered it to me for only $19!  I guess because I'm a Prime member... Now I wish I had ordered two or three for that price, because on the Amazon website it's showing they won't have any in until the middle of February.  My daughter's Wii stopped working back during the summer, so I had to find another streaming device to watch Amazon Instant Video and Netflix.  I went to Target and found the new Roku stick for $50.  I didn't want anymore streaming boxes, I wanted something that was more convenient and quick and easy to setup.  The Roku stick was ok (it kept on "pausing" a lot) until I got my Fire stick in the mail and set it up.  My Fire stick streams faster than the Roku, the only time it pauses is when it's raining real bad outside,  and the set up was way more convenient than Roku...I guess since I was already a Prime member, I didn't have to go through the steps that I did with the Roku stick...with the Roku I had to go online each and every time to setup Netflix, Amazon, HBO GO, Showtime Anytime, etc to watch anything from those places.  Instead of me putting in my Username and Password and start watching with the Fire stick.  I truly hope Amazon send me another deal on this stick like they did before, I would love to buy one for my daughter (I gave her the Roku stick), purchase one for the family room, and purchase 2 more for my sister and a family friend.  Also, If you don't want to use the power adapter they provide to you and if you have a USB port on your TV, then you can forgo plugging it into the power adapter so that you can more room on your power outlets.  GREAT PRICE, GREAT PRODUCT!!!
I've had Fire TV Stick for about 2 months or so. Generally, I'm very pleased with it. I have Prime so there is a good amount of viewing byway of that. The TV used with Fire Stick is in our downstairs basement rec room. Recently, I've been getting a lot messages on Fire Stick saying there is a problem with connection to wi-fi etc. It's rather annoying and have to fiddle with things. Disconnect Fire Stick reconnect or just keep going back to content as I go through process of scanning network etc. Probably, if I was closer to router (is located on main floor of our home) I wouldn't be having problem. As a side note, I have a Kindle Fire tablet that I alway keep in the downstairs rec room to use when I'm on my treadmill etc. I don't really have any problems with wi-fi connection with tablet. So, I'm thinking probably the Fire TV (not the stick) is better able to maintain wi-fi. But for $39 for Stick I'm fairly happy.Adding to this review a month or so later ... this is more about Prime selection and Fire Stick ... when I use my Macbook to view Prime selection of movies and TV shows there are many more selections (44,000 is what I believe is indicated) than shown when I'm looking via Fire Stick for something to watch ... so I guess the deal is I'll use my laptop to add selections to my watch list and see if that works better. But would rather see same amount of selections when I use Fire Stick.  And, I still have connection issues as stated above ... pretty much every time I try to use Fire Stick. For that reason, I'm less likely to use it. Just don't want the hassle of unplugging rebooting etc. Again, I'm only complaining mildly because of the relatively low price.
There's a lot of potential here with this stick if you think outside the box. The fact that you can sideload apps ( use the adbfire app ) opens this up to lots of possibilities. A mini bluetooth keyboard with touchpad along with the apk app settings.apk can let the stick do things that most people aren't aware of which is to install sideloaded apk versions and opens up the door to a lot more content. So far, outside of what's installed, I've got HBOgo sideloaded ( officially available in the spring ) along with Starz and Encore. All work great and can be controlled with the bluetooth keyboard and touchpad. Tried to do the same thing with Epix, but it runs a bit choppy on the stick. Probably the quad processor on the Fire TV, big brother to the stick, would have a smoother play rate with Epix.XBMC now known as Kodi is also a must have for the stick. With it's countless plugins, it's an entertainment powerhouse on its own. I've got my entire music collection using a plugin for google music running on it. Another sideloaded app I'd recommend is BS player. I use this with my 1tb seagate wireless drive and it can play all the movie codecs required ( avi, xvid, mkv, mp4....etc ) Haven't found a movie yet that this doesn't play using the stick and the seagate. It's great for when you're on the go without wifi access. Just access your wireless hard drive full of movies with B.S player and you're good to go.Es Explorer sideloaded will also come in handy for file management. I recommend installing that. This becomes useful when used with other sideloaded apps. For example you can install a browser which means signing into a hotel wifi which requires a certain procedure and that's now within reach because of the browser and bluetooth keyboard. This opens the door to downloading files which can be viewed in es explorer. You can also install flash on the browser if required with the flash apk file. I prefer dolphin browser to firefox, but you need to do a few things to stop it from crashing. Turn off the jet pack option under settings and don't use full screen. It's not the most elegant way to browse, because the onscreen keyboard can popup causing it to be more trouble than its worth, but you can't root the stick, so apps like null keyboard won't work as when you try to change it to turn off the onscreen keyboard going through settings.apk, it'll just crash. Still, you've got a browser and with that browser opens up other doors, like installing a torrent app to use with the browser. I recommend aTorrent pro which can be used with a proxy. I've got 3.5 gb's of available space so why not use it.Another great feature of the stick is the ability to run a DNS proxy. For expats from the U.K, this can be invaluable. With a proxy region free activated, sideloaded apps like the itv player, bbc iplayer and tvcatchup can run on the stick and regional stream plugins within XBMC or KODI will also function.I also use the slingplayer app, but it seems slingbox only supports the 350, 500 and M1 boxes. That's fine for my 350, but for those with a legacy slingbox....solo, pro-HD, we're left out in the cold. I found out that my slingplayer for android tablet purchase ( Nexus 7 ) apk file can be installed on the stick and with the bluetooth keyboard and touchpad, I can use the stick to remote view my slingbox with speeds that rival my windows 7 laptop, so I've got two different slingplayer versions on my stick; one for my solo using the mini keyboard and touchpad and one for my slingbox 350, which runs off the official slingplayer app on the stick. F.Y.I If you want basic touchpad use with the stick, you can always install the wukong remote app. This allows any android device to control the touchpad requirements on the stick, but you have to be on the same wifi network. That can be a problem in a hotel situation when connecting to their wifi, thus the bluetooth keyboard. I'd recommend the QQ-tech mini bluetooth keyboard. It pairs well with the stick and works great with sideloaded apps. Only thing it doesn't do well is navigate all that great in a browsing situation, when scrolling, as the arrow keys are the only way to go up and down on a webpage and they're small. A scrolling wheel or button would have been more useful, but overall, it's usable for my needs since all my dolphin bookmarks have been synced over. Remember to switch between function w and function e for some sideloaded apps when using this keyboard. Function w held down on the keyboard changes it to a windows format. This allows the menu button on the keyboard to access some features on a sideloaded app that aren't available when the keyboard is in function e ( android ) mode. You'd find this out with sideloaded apps like iplayer where you need to do this to access live channels.As I've said, the fire tv stick can do a lot of things that people aren't aware of and I'm sure others have found various ways to make it even more useful, but Amazon has a winner here and if a stick of gum sized device can do all this and more for the $20 I paid for it, then it's 5 stars all the way from me.P.S It also does an excellent job at mirror casting when used with my Nexus 7 (2013) version running lollipop. This sends an exact copy from the Nexus 7 to my big screen TV. Tested this for a while with various apps and it's been pretty stable.
To be completely honest, I probably should give this little guy 3 stars, but I'm trying to be fair. This was given as a Christmas gift and I must say that I am impressed with what I have been able to do at this point. If you are already hooked on Netflix, Hulu, Pandora and the like this gadget will do the job and do it well. I have owned a Vevo streaming stick and used my PS3 for streaming video and I must say that the Fire Tv stick works better than both. I have had less loading time and great picture quality. It's also simple to put together and has a great introductory video for those completely new to streaming devices and/or just the Amazon Fire Tv stick. All of this makes it worth 3 stars in my opinion.The reason I give it 4 is because of what it is capable of doing. I love Amazon, but currently I am not a Prime member. Thus, I can see what I would have the luxury of doing--like playing Amazon movies and tv shows for free on my big screen (of which there is an amazing selection!). It also has the ability to expand the perks of certain channels that you may already enjoy through your tv provider--whether that be A&E;, Disney, History Channel, etc. Some are available to watch (like PBS) without having to go through a tv provider. All in all, if you are already a Prime Member, I wouldn't turn this little guy away.Now the reason why I cannot give it 5 stars. I know this is really obvious to some, but the device really is meant for Amazon Members and not for everybody. If one doesn't have an account with Amazon, even though it is free, it will be required to register the product and/or download apps like Netflix to your library. For some, especially those who are not fond of playing with technology, I would say that it would be much easier to get a Wi-Fi Wireless Smart Blu-Ray player that has the popular apps show up right away upon set-up--without having to go through the process of registration and downloading. On this device, anything other than what Amazon has to offer must be found in the Amazon apps store or "featured apps" category to end up on the "home screen" and downloaded so that it shows up in your "apps library" from that point forward.Also, and I must repeat this, please understand that any channels that normally require spending money on cable or satellite to watch are still required to get the apps to work for those channels on this device. I don't have a tv provider at this point, so that fun perk isn't mine to possess. It will also likely be required of you to sign up on your favorite channel's web page before you can even take advantage of the app. I learned all of this the hard way...so be forewarned. I even had to sign up on the PBS website in order to watch any shows from that channel's app.So there's my story. I hope it has helped some. I will likely give a follow-up review once I've had a chance to get back on to Amazon Prime and take more advantage of what the device has to offer. Thanks for reading!
I pre-ordered the Fire Stick when it was first announced and have been using it for a couple months now. I also have an Apple TV but could only watch Prime content through my Wii which was always a hassle. I think if you're looking for a more affordable way to stream content (Prime in particular) this isn't a bad route to go, but it's not flawless.Interface - Sorry Amazon, but Apple has you beat here. The menu and navigation options are just way too clunky and I hate selecting an app from a list and then having to select "open" to actually launch the app. There's too much visual clutter, and little to no customization options. The settings menu is poorly laid out and you have to dig through everything to find what you actually want. It took me 5 minutes to figure out how to do a software update - Apple TV this takes less than a minute.Physical Device - No complaints here. I like the remote now that I have all of the buttons figured out and the HDMI extender was helpful. This was more of an oversight on my part but they don't make it clear in any of the images that the stick uses a power cord, so be prepared to use up another outlet and hope that it's close enough to reach since the cord is pretty short.Playback/Software - This is where they should have spent more time in dev rather than beta testing on the pre-order customers. Apps are constantly freezing and crashing (you have to go in to settings and force quit an app if it freezes - even disconnecting the power doesn't reset it) and playback has constant stopping or stuttering. I never have these issues with Apple TV so I know it's not my internet connection. Sometimes the menu will completely disappear and I can't select anything and the only fix is to power cycle until it finally resets. Worst experience so far? I was down to the last 4 minutes of a 90 minute show on Netflix and it froze. I could go back to the menu, but if I selected the episode again it stayed frozen at that spot. Force quit the app, cleared the cache and all app data (at least 4 or 5 times) and STILL it wouldn't play. I finally had to power cycle and when I selected the episode it restarted at the beginning. I tried to fast forward to that spot again and it kept skipping to the end and starting the next episode. I finally gave up and rewatched part of it but it just shouldn't have to be that frustrating to get through a TV show.If need a way to watch Prime content and have another option for Netflix/Hulu etc. then this isn't a bad companion device, but as a primary device for all streaming content I'm not sure it's worth the headache.
i give Fire TV Stick three stars because it was registered to me, connected easily and works.  the quick guide could have pointed out the Options selection for closed captioning.  i removed stars for a few reasons. As widely noted on forums, the removal of the battery cover for the remote, which is the first thing we have to do, is too tight and has no grip to it, too slippery. you can't get started with your new Fire Stick without this frustrating struggle. In the end a sharp knife or nail file, (one person used a screwdriver) is needed to slip in and click open the cover.  Second, i did use the adapter so I could fit the stick in the port in the back of the TV. even that just fit in the area for plugging in cables. It was hard to manipulate to click it in. Third, the menu on the left is too grayed out. That is, you can see what you've landed on and highlighted but it's very hard to see what the other choices are unless you sit close. and i have a large screen tv.  Fourth, i don't find it easy for browsing or shopping or searching, so to speak. i still go back to the app on my iPad to find new programs of interest. I only use it for my Amazon Prime membership, to play what i already own or anything I find by clicking around on the home screen. I do not subscribe to Netflix or Hulu so i can't comment on those services or others. i looked at Games but am not interested in paying. .I did download the Fire TV Stick app to my phone. It works but seems unnecessary unless i lose the remote or don't have batteries. Overall I am happy to have this device so i don't have to stream videos through the internet using my mobile devices. the connection to the tv with Apple devices used the power port so we are limited in how long we can watch. Fire TV Stick takes care of that. I wish there was a low cost portable device with a screen associated with the Fire Stick so I could easily store shows  and travel on an airplane with, so as not to have to download to my phone or ipad.
NEW REVIEW:OK... This really frustrates me to have to update a review that was so gleaming with such negativity. So I still have my original Fire Stick and it works flawless to this day. I wanted to get a second one for the TV downstairs so I ordered one and got it all hooked up the exact same as my first one. However, the 2nd one would crash, buffer, lock up, and  that was without XBMC installed. XBMC would barely function on it. I tried numerous resets and then finally sent it back after trying for almost a month to make it work.I ordered a replacement and it was a little better but even still, it barely would function. The first one I sent back had issues with the remote not working properly but the 2nd one just had the buffering, lock up, and crashing issues. The remote issue I had was that when you would click down or up once it would respond as if I had clicked it many times.I have no clue what they did from the first batch to the most recent batch at the manufacturer but they screwed something up bad. I could remove the new ones and put the very first one I ordered in its place and all the issues were gone.My fix, was to send back all but the very first one I ordered and instead I use a Raspberry PI 2 loaded with OpenElec. No issues what so ever with that setup.Using XBMC's info while planing a movie even off of a flash drive it was easy to see that the 2 cpu's on the Fire Sticks were pagged out at 100%. This shouldn't happen. On the Raspberry PI 2 for comparison the 4 Cpu's never go over 5% each during playback.OLD REVIEW:So I am an android fan and I have several chromecast devices which work great. The one problem is that the chromecast requires that you use your phone, tablet, or computer in order to project video/audio from a set of applications that have been built to do so. The Fire Stick having the remote is very nice, and you can upgrade to a voice activated remote or even a game controller. How freaking cool is that.I thought I had completely went into nerd overload until I came across a youtube video that showed how to install XBMC onto the Fire Stick. At that point I had went into what I could only describe as a nerdgasm. Think the movie Elf when he saw Santa http://media.giphy.com/media/YZKQcGh3roDra/giphy.gif . Ya it was that bad.For those that aren't familiar with XBMC, it is an opensource app/program that can be installed on just about any operating system which then can be tied into your network shared media or any number of free online streams. I won't advise one way or the other on the free online streams as I am not a legal expert but I can say that they work, and that the person/persons sharing the media is likely assuming all the risk. Just google XBMC Fire Stick and you will see several how-to videos on Youtube.With XBMC installed I can now use my Fire Stick to watch any Movie, TV Show, and play any song in my vast music library.Of course the Amazon Prime Video playback is second to none, and so is the playback from Hulu and Netflix. I hope to have one of these installed on every TV in the house as soon as they get back in stock :)Buy one and you can experience the greatest nerdgasm of all time.
I've lived with the Amazon Fire TV Stick for more than 2 weeks so I feel somewhat qualified to review it.I like the Fire TV Stick! I would definitely LOVE it if it wasn't so Amazon-centric, but it IS their stick and their ecosystem so I'm playing by their rules! lol.I've trained myself to pretty much ignore the Amazon content as I won't be buying anything there (but you never know!).I use only a couple apps, but I use them daily, they are Netflix and Plex. I was THRILLED to see the latter, Plex, was offered on the Fire TV stick, and that it was a one time purchase of $4.99 as opposed to $4.99 month for a "Plex pass".If you are not familiar with Plex it's an incredible media center for your computer, with an elaborate server-side/local-side way of serving up all of your media to anyone you give access to, including Smart TV devices, and it was a one-time purchase of $4.99. And when I got my second Fire TV Stick, THERE IT WAS when I signed in with my Amazon credentials! I was overjoyed!It has hiccuped once or twice while running Plex, but these weren't streaming problems IMHO, this was a server lag.Both Fire TV Sticks have run Netflix flawlessly, never a stutter.I should say that both Fire TV Sticks are close to the router and I have a fast FIOS connection.I've had 4 other Smart devices so I've lived with other's ecosystems as well: Apple TV, Sony, Vizio, Plex (Plex has definite Smart capabilities), and now Fire TV Stick's. I can say that the Fire TV Stick has been the snappiest out of all of them, with Sony coming in at a VERY slow last (hate Sony's interface, at least on my cheap Bluray player).  But they are also the only Smart device really pushing it's manufacturers wares in such a big way (in my experience).The Fire TV Stick's interface took only a few minutes to familiarize myself with. The system settings were very basic and I left most at the default settings.I'm not a gamer and only downloaded a couple free games...bowling is kinda fun.I'm pleased with it, and a further endorsement is me buying a second!Inexpensive way of spreading the Smart TV love around!UPDATE 02/06/15:I'm having a love/hate relationship with just the remote in my bedroom.Pros: I love the fact that its RF, it feels great in the hand and its very responsive.Cons: My bedding is black and white and remote is CONSTANTLY getting lost in the comforter. I would love to see the brightly colored silicon covers that I've seen for the larger Fire TV remotes. I'd buy one this second if they were available.I'm also having trouble playing MKV files in Plex on just one of the Fire TV's...I've enabled MKV support but it just won't happen. I purchased another app that does a decent work-around but I hate having to purchase more stuff when Plex should be handling this.UPDATE: I have to say that I'm REALLY beginning to loath this thing, specifically the remote!When a button is pushed, no matter which, it may or may not invoke an action...when it just sits there and nothing happens your tendency is to push it again, and again...then it just scrolls uncontrollably and can't be stopped (or not, its a crap-shoot!)! This happens more times than not.This junk is going on ebay and I'm going back to ATV...at least it works!!!
I've had a Roku box on my living room TV for years, and I have seldom had a problem with it.  Our modem/router is upstairs, and it's a brand new one that Comcast recently upgraded us to.  It works a lot better than the old one, and we can get a strong WiFi signal anywhere in the house, without having to use the WiFi range extender any longer.When Amazon was offering these for just $19 to Prime members, I bought one for the bedroom TV upstairs, then I thought that I might like it better than the Roku and want one for the living room, too, so I bought a second one at that price.At first, they both worked fine.  I like the interface better than that of Roku, it was streaming my shows nicely.  A friend of mine mentioned that she was planning to cut the cable cord to save money, and was thinking about getting a Roku or a Chromecast.  So I gave her my old one, as I was no longer using it.A few weeks later, I started having major problems with the stick on the downstairs TV.  I set up the WiFi extender again (thank goodness I didn't give THAT away!), and that solved the problem for a while.  But the problems started again, videos are either slow to load or do not load at all.  And when they did load, they buffered and froze and basically made everything unwatchable.  I tried all of the troubleshooting tips on this site, and once again, it worked for a while, and then went back to having problems.  It would tell me that I had no internet connection, but when I'd go into the settings to check, it was connected and showed a strong signal from both the router upstairs and the extender.  Heck, it even shows a halfway decent signal from the next door neighbor's WiFi.  I tried using the HDMI extender thingy that came with the stick, but that didn't help.  At first I thought the problem was just with the Hulu Plus app, because I was able to watch Amazon and Netflix, but now I can't watch anything.  Yet I can stream Hulu and Netflix and stuff on my iPad from anywhere in the house, and even out on the front porch or in the back yard.  Meanwhile, the Fire stick on the bedroom TV upstairs is still working fine.  This room is across the hall from the one that contains the router.  So I have come to the conclusion that the WiFi antenna in this stick is not as strong as advertised.I was getting really tired of having to unplug the thing, clear the app data, set up every app again every time I want to watch something.  I give up.  I'm not about to ask my friend to give back the Roku, because a gift is a gift.  So I ordered an Apple TV yesterday from Amazon, which is due to arrive tomorrow.  I chose that over another Roku because I now own a couple of Apple products that I've been very happy with, and I like that they all work together.  And I'm sure the Apple TV has a stronger WiFi antenna than this cheap little stick.The reason I'm giving this three stars and not less is because it is a nice little stick.  I really like the user interface, as well as the remote, and I found the thing to be very easy to set up and use.  But I would only recommend getting this if you live in a small single level house or apartment, or a college dorm room, any place where the TV you are using this on is either in the same room as, or one room over from your router.  But if you are in a multi-level house as I am, go for a Roku box or an Apple TV for any TV that is not on the same floor as the router.
Well worth the cost considering you get a fully functional Home Theater PC when you invest a small amount of effort on a continuing basis.This review will concentrate on making the FireTV Stick (FS) into a more functional HTPC.  Two applications can extend the FS capabilities into those normally found in a Home Theater PC; Plex (app available for 5 bux) and Kodi (XBMC).  All the info you could want can be found on YouTube by searching on those apps.  Plex requires installation of it's Free Plex Server software on a PC or MAC and Kodi/XBMC requires side loading an app:- stream all sorts of media from your local network & media server, including movies, TV shows, photos, music- stream the same set of media from the web (checkout tvAddOns Wizard for an easy Kodi comprehensive install and also "Plex unsupported Appstore Installer")Two add-on capabilities make this operation much simpler/possible;-  side loading apps  (search "sideloading FireTV" on YouTube for many detailed videos)  basic computer skills are recommended.-  pairing a bluetooth keyboard / touchpad device (most bluetooth devices work after the settings.app is side loaded; I used the QQ-Tech® Mini Wireless Bluetooth Keyboard.Sideloaded app examples: Kodi, XBMC, Chrome / Dolphin browsers, settings.apk, ES File Explorer, game emulators, etc.  Nobody should expect a stellar experience using the FS as a browser but it works after a fashion and gets certain jobs done very well indeed.None of these require any "rooting" of the FS device.  Be forewarned that such extended capabilities come with numerous bugs and issues that are mostly only annoyances eg using keyboard and remote at same time has weird extra scrolling issues, channels that do not always work properly.  Your FS HTPC will require and reward your ongoing maintenance efforts as nothing on the net stays the same forever.I would be happy to answer questions and make recommendations based on my limited experience.
We currently own multiple streaming devices (Rokus; Internet connected TV; Blue Ray player). Once we went to the Rokus a few years ago, I figured I would NEVER need any other device that does the same job. I really couldn't imagine how anything could be better than a Roku. I bought a TV for our second home that came with a Roku Stick and I thought WOW that is great (small package that works just like the black Roku box and is integrated into the TV remove).Then - Along came Fire TV Stick! To be honest I am glad I waited to rate the stick because at first I would like have rated it only 4 stars based on the fact it needs an external power supply and the Roku stick does not.Side by side, the Roku stick and the Fire TV stick are both awesome products. As I said, the Roku seems to get all the power it needs off your HDMI port and the Fire TV stick uses a USB power injector that needs an outlet nearby and thus a wire running to the stick. Ahhh.... after some reading, I found some users were able to get power from the existing USB port on their TV and thus they didn't need the power block in an electrical outlet, you just plug the big USB end into your TV's USB port and the little end into the Fire Stick. I understand this only works on newer televisions that have enough power coming to the USB port.Performance - Fire Stick runs circles around the Roku players I have and even (to a lesser degree) around the Roku Stick. The WiFi picks up stronger; it is dual band; and IT NEVER BUFFERS (once the program has started) even though my ISP seldom delivers anything close to the speed I am paying for. Even with other devices running in the house the programs playing on the Fire Stick just keep streaming with ease.It offers some features that aren't available on my Roku players (or I haven't found them) like if you are watching a series it will preview the upcoming episode in the bottom right corner as the episode you are watching is playing credits and then automatically start that episode with no user intervention. I use Netfix; Hulu Plus and Amazon Prime for the most part and they all run great on it.
I pre ordered this stick when Amazon offered it for $19.99 and it arrived early December.  While overall I do like the stick, there is one reason I cannot in good faith give this a higher rating.The pros:1. It's fast!  I am comparing the Fire Stick to the Roku stick, Roku LT, and a Sony media player.  I love how quick the response is.  My main complaint about the Roku stick was the lagging.  Amazon hands down beats Roku with just how responsive the stick is.  Although I do notice a slight lag in Hulu search.  I also am getting that same lag on my other players.2.  The welcome tutorial.  Although I really don't have a need to watch the video, I still found it neat that they provided it for the non tech savvy as well as first time users.3.  Display.  The display looks great!  I think the main menu looks better on the Fire compared to the Roku.  All the colors look vibrant...much more alive.4.  Screen saver.  Granted a screen saver is not a decision maker for me.  When I saw the screen saver, I was extremely impressed.  Colors are deep and rich. The pictures look awesome.5. Netflix.  For some reason since Netflix updated their roku app, Netflix on roku has been absolutely disappointing.  It takes forever to load and the audio starts before the video.  The Fire Stick doesn't have that issue.  The load time is fast, it runs smooth, and audio is synced with the video.  The remote is more responsive on the Fire Stick than the Roku.6.  Prime.  If you are a Prime member, the Fire Stick is great!  The main menu starts with the focus being on Prime.  A big negative if you do not have, or intend on being, a Prime member.Cons.There are only 2 cons regarding the stick, but the primary con is major.1.  Wifi reliability.  Sure the Amazon Fire Stick is Mimo and is able to support 5gHz, it just plain sucks.  Having this for a little more than a month, I've had to factory reset or restart the stick on many occasions.  And it's not just at 5gHz.  It's also loses wifi at the slower 2.5gHz.  No, the problem isn't my router, it's a brand spanking new Asus AC1900.  Since the Fire Stick seems to be the only thing affected with this issue, I seriously doubt that the problem lies anywhere else.  In the past two days I had to reset it 5 times.2.  Media player apps.  This is where Roku gives the Fire Stick a big black eye.  I found it absolutely ridiculous that I had to pay for an app so I can see my NAS from the Stick.  I have 3 free media player apps for the roku.  Plex is a great example...free on Roku, something like $4 on Fire.  Nuts!  My antiquated Sony media player came preinstalled with an app.Until Amazon fixes the issue with wifi, I cannot recommend this.  It doesn't matter how fast or pretty it is, if it won't connect.  Certainly not Prime time ready.
Device As Is:The best way to access prime content and Amazon Instant video Rentals. I love how easy it is to access all Amazon content. Before getting this i had considered getting rid of prime but with this and the recent addition of prime Music I think I will continue with prime always. I could describe this with more detail but at the end of the day it ties in beautifully to amazon content. It is also a nice way of accessing Netflix, i have an older Smart TV, First Gen I think and its Netflix interface is almost worthless. The FireTv version is a significant improvement. Games are good too. My wife and I fought a little over playing Tetris on it when we first got it but overall we use it for Video and music. Watching Prime is almost constant in our household now. We got cable in our house for the first time ever in march to get a better internet connection and since some channels were included  we figured why not try it. at first we used several channels then just Disney (we have a toddler) now we don't really even bother with it. there is plenty of child friendly content on prime. i'm even thinking of giving up Netflix as it seems we almost never watch anything there now that prime is more convenient (My smart Tv did support it but hardly usable at all) and the content selection is getting better all the time including more recent releases. Plus Amazon is a better Value if you use every prime benefit (I tend to) with Free Books that are next Months New Releases, 1 free Book rental, Now prime Music, the Prime instant Video, and 2 day shipping it is insane that Amazon hasn't raised the price again. Maybe next time they should create a choose your selection price increase. If you want it all it will be YYY but if you don't use most of the features the price won't change.... At the current price of $99 a year I think that's less than my current basic Netflix subscription. (8*12=96 and i think its actually around $8.50 so around $102 a year)This device does pretty much all i could hope for in such a device. still some room for Improvement as noted below.Sideloaded Improvements:I have sideloaded several things to this of which XBMC soon to be known only as Kodi is my favorite for playing any media from your network or the internet it really is hard to beat and so far it seems to work flawlessly. It pulls metaData for all your movies and music. Using XBMC with it makes the FireTv stick the best thing I have found for streaming your own digital collection to your tv.If you don't want to sideload you can use Plex for similar capability but it places limits on file structure for your existing Movie collection (must be in a self contained wrapper file not the direct DVD like multi folder structure. Kodi (XBMC) handles either and even full dvd files allowing you to have the menu features of the DVD intact.Before looking at this next part remember i rated it 5 stars. Faults often are easier to have a lengthy discussion about but I do love this device overall.Room For Improvement:Enabling reordering of the main Screen left menu structure would be a big help Music is one of the things i access most and it is near the bottom. Prime and netflix are my most acessed and prime is one down from home so that is correct by default but if its been a while since i last used netflix it is rather inconvenient to get to which is my next point:Allowing placing/locking things to home really is vital. The Fire phone allows pinning frequently used things to the home carousel. Home is mainly a list of suggestions from amazon, 1/3 of the space is recently accessed content (Music, Prime videos, Videos in your library, apps)  the rest is "suggested" content.The suggestions are fine sometimes what you want but a better approach would be 1/3rd recent 1/3 favorites (same content as recent but user selects what goes there and the order and it doesn't change without their direct request.) 1/3 suggestions.It needs a way to access an existing Disney Movies anywhere collection. I wish it could access Vudu for Disney Anywhere collection access built in. Ultraviolet is possible through flixster but that doesn't incorporate an existing Disney collection since Disney ins't part of the UltraViolet Consortium. Though Disney Digital codes do work with amazon instant video quite nicely. As I understand it you can get a sideload of Vudu for android to work on the fire tv line. I installed it no problem but since its designed for touchscreen it doesn't really work with the amazon remote. I wish Amazon, Vudu (walmart), etc would stop trying to compete by making customers choose one ecosystem but not allowing you to use their devices with another ecosystem. Amazon compete by making your ecosystem better and allow access for the times when someone else's is preferred in the end you will win. However I prefer amazon video on this to Vudu. Vudu's interface isn't as convenient to watch movies you own from People complain about amazon being sell sell sell but while purchasing options are conveniently placed and "Suggestions" really are omnipresent on the home screen you can readily access content you have already purchased or that you subscribe too. Granted they allow Netflix which competes with prime so it could be entirely Vudu who is unwilling to have more open competition. And it really wouldn't matter to me if Disney Movies Anywhere could link directly to amazon. (it links to Google play, itunes, and vudu)
I have both of the FireTV options.The FireTV (Box) is an item for lite gaming and TV viewing.The FireSTICK is not as good of an option, just as Amazon wanted.The FireTV Stick has some downfalls. After a few weeks of use (we have had a box for about a month), the stick has some downfalls. The remote absolutely SUCKS compared to the more expensive option. The remote feels absolute cheap compared to the more expensive option. The remote sometimes understands what you want, and sometimes not. It's fun - setting the remote down while you're in an App only to find that it backs up 20 minutes in your application then backs up to the main menu of the Amazon FireStick Application Menu - just from setting it down (multiple times here folks).Other times, it will not respond right way then ends up doing all your commands at once. This means you click "fast forward" three times over 5-8 seconds (you know - you click, then wait, then click again, etc) and you end up fast forwarding much more than you originally thought. The remote seems to respond when it wants, batteries being full or not.The FireTV (expensive version) remote feels MUCH better and doesn't seem to have these odd reactions to when you set the remote down in an odd way. That remote also fits better in your hand and seems to have better range than the cheaper version.I really do own both, and I even have the gaming remote. I still prefer the FireBox (ie: upgraded/expensive version) over the "stick"  option. The stick will probably be put into my guest room or such, since it's so cheap feeling.Edit: Some spelling fixed. I've swapped my primary TV and Master TV so that the FireTV (expensive option) is in the primary room we watch TV in. Things are much better. The FireStick is still used, but not nearly as much, and my frustration has gone down as such.
I bought this when it was only $19 as a prime member. I was ecstatic and couldn't wait for it to come, as I do not have a smart tv and currently was streaming everything with my laptop through a HDMI cable. Which the quality of my feed  was mediocre. After waiting over a month for my stick to arrive, I was excited as can be when it was delivered. The packaging was very sleak, and the device itself had a nice look to it. I spent 25 minutes setting the firestick up because it was quite slow. When I finally got it set up I was ecstatic to start watching something. It immediately brought me back to network settings, and stated that I was connected to the internet but with problems. I spent over two hours rebooting the system, my router, and moving the router closer to the system. I decided to just try again another day because at the point I was irritated. So i tried again about a week later, and got online with amazon customer support. They stated it was a problem with my router and that it must have a firewall up blocking my FireStick. I proceeded to get on the support line with my internet provider and we took down all the firewalls with still no luck.  I decided to try the stick at my parents house who have the roku stick and Roku 3, and were interested in getting the FireStick for another one of the TVs. We had the same issues there. I ended up returning the device and they are sending a replacement after three rounds with amazon customer support. The device was returned on Christmas eve, and now I have to wait till after February to get my new replacement. When I receive my replacement and IF it works, I will update my review , but, as of right now, this has been my worst purchase from amazon ever.
lack of IOS support and need for a separate remote makes this a disappointing product for me. I already have a Roku box, but for the promotional price, I went ahead and bought it. first off it does what it does pretty well. It is fast and responsive, but if you own Apple devices, it does nothing new. It would be worth the price if I could mirror from my iPad, but you can't, and it doesn't appear that this will ever support that.The other annoyance is the RF remote, because of this I can not program me Logitech remote to control this. Now I have to have a separate remote, which is small and easily misplaced, They claim to have an IOS remote app next spring, but I could care less about using my phone as a remote, but it would be useful if you lose the supplied remote.As no surprise, the stick is prime-centric.  It's interface is built in, while Netflix is a separate channel. Not a big deal, but if you don't subscribe to prime, it doesn't make much sense to buy this.In short, if you're an android owner subscribing to prime and don't care about universal remote compatibility, this is a nice product, otherwise it's probably not worth it.This is also a wireless only device, which I suspect that most people want, but I have wire to my TV and much prefer the dependability and performance of a wired device although I was surprised how well the video streamed, but it does have a some buffering everytime I watch a movie, something that rarely happens with a wired Roku. Also since using this just before Christmas I have had to disconnect it and plug it back in (reboot) in order to unfreeze it, this has happened a handful of times. Maybe the'll have a firmware update to fix this issue.
The Fire Stick has the potential to be a great streaming device. It's tiny, cheap, has a good remote, and lots of features. However, I am only giving it 3 stars right now, because it still has bugs. I am hoping that Amazon releases some software updates to fix these bugs and create a better user experience.The Good:1. Cheap.2. Plenty of apps to choose from for your entertainment needs.3. Compact and portable.4. Bluetooth remote, doesn't require line of sight in order to function.5. Searching for content on my phone and playing it on my TV is excellent.The bad (buggy software):1. My unit has completely frozen multiple times while watching or browsing content. The only way I've found to fix it is physically unplugging the power from the stick.2. Sometimes the navigation locks up and a single press of a button registers as if I were holding it down. The means instead of scrolling one movie to the right, it will just continue scrolling without stopping.3. Button presses don't always register properly. There has been a delay of up to 5 seconds between a button press and the action taking place on the screen. Sometimes a single button press jumps multiple times, making it extremely frustrating to select content.The annoying:1. There doesn't seem to be a way to power the device off. I assume it goes into sleep mode after being idle, but I'd like to be able to turn it off.2. You should be able to skip the intro video.3. I was under the impression that HBO GO was going to be added in December, but now it says Spring 2015. We have to use another device to watch HBO GO until it is added to the Fire Stick.When it works, I like it. The user interface is one of the best compared to other streaming devices. Unfortunately, the bugs I mentioned are making it a bit annoying to use. I don't know if I got a bad device or what. Most others I have talked to have not reported these issues. Hopefully this gets fixed in an update soon.Edit 1/22/2015:I just experienced a new bug. While watching Netflix, every time I finished an episode and a new one started, the new episode showed up as a tiny box in the upper left corner of the screen. The only way to fix it was by closing Netflix and reopening it. I have no idea if this was a Netflix issue or what, but I have never had this happen on any other device. This is getting really annoying.Edit 6/26/2015My Fire Stick continues to be buggy with new issues popping up all the time so I am dropping my rating to 2 stars. The most recent new issue is that the idle screen saver starts up while I'm watching TV. The audio of whatever I am watching plays and I have to hit a button on the remote to exit the screen saver. It has frozen more times than I can count. I have to unplug it to reset it every time. Sometimes it just stops connecting to the internet and requires me to unplug it. Recently it just forgot my Netflix login info and I had to set it up again. The other day while trying to watch a show on Netflix it would just exit the app whenever I pressed play. I gave up and fired up the PS3 to watch TV. The HBO GO app is so laggy that it is such a pain to use, not sure if it's the app or the stick. It works much better on our Apple TV.
I would first like to state that I got the Fire Stick for $20 when it was on sale for prime members. Therefore, I will be doing my review based on that price point.Set-UpThe set up was so easy a cave man could do it (Geico Commercial). Since this device is really made for Prime members it came with my account already connected to the device. That is not to say that you can't give this as gift because you still need to enter your password. It just really helps to make the set up quick and convenient. The moment you plug the device into the TV it gives you a series of quick introductions and helps you set up the wi-fi and before you know it you can start using the stick. The only thing I would be careful with is make sure that you have a wall outlet ready. Even though in theory you can plug this into the TV, Amazon recommends a wall outlet to ensure enough power for the device. This may or may not affect the device performance.TV Stick vs. ChromecastThe device itself is very similar to the Google Chromcast in that it supports many of the same features such as Netflix, Youtube, and other apps. The big difference would be that this is obviously made for Amazon Prime members. This means that watching prime videos or listening to prime music is super easy as Amazon has built this into their menu. One of the downsides however, is how the Prime music is set up. Currently there is no option to play all Prime songs. Instead the user must add the songs from a computer onto their play list before playing on the TV. Hardware wise however, the Fire TV stick is better since has it has more ram and a better processor. This made using the remote very responsive as there is no lag. In addition, having the remote itself is a very nice feature that I think should be included with any device such as this. The remote does not support voice search, but it is very simple and makes navigating the menu very intuitive. If voice search is important you can buy an additional remote or install an app on your android/IOS device for the feature.ConclusionIn the end I must say that this device is really worth the $20. The menu is fluid and easy for anyone to use. My only wish was that it had the capability to mirror screens with any device such as a PC or android phone instead of only Amazon devices. Even at the $40 price point it is not a bad device. The Chromecast is at a similar price point (about $30), but is not as well built for prime videos/music.
I have Fire TV (FTV) and Fire TV Stick. The Stick is just not as smooth or refined as its big brother. I am using the Stick on the same TV that I used to use the FTV (it was moved to another TV). I am comparing the Stick to the FTV when they were set up at the same location. So, WiFi distance/strength is not a factor in this comparison. Internet connection is 20Mbps, and WiFi is from a new Apple Extreme 15 feet away with no obstructions.Remote - The remote that comes with the Fire Stick feels cheap compared to the one that comes with Fire TV. The Stick version works well, but the hard plastic is not as nice as the soft-touch finish on the remote the comes with FTV. The voice function on the FTV remote is nice, but unless you are doing a lot of searches, it alone is not worth the price difference.Skip Feature - The operating system on both let you jump ahead or backwards by 10 seconds (per push on the remote). On the FTV, it is smooth and fast. On the Stick, it is glitchy and acts like it is trying to buffer. Sometimes the pause is longer than the 10 seconds you are actually skipping forward (or back).Buffering - The Stick has noticeable buffering issues. It takes longer to start a video, and occasionally it pauses to buffer during a video. Not that often, but it happens. The FTV is faster and never stopped to buffer during a video.ProsThe Stick is smaller than FTV, which makes it easier to take it with you.Price - A lot cheaper than FTVConsNots as refinedGlitchy search/skipBuffers(External power - more of a general gripe than a con)Bottom line - if you are looking for something that you set up once, and leave it alone, get the Fire TV instead. It is a better streaming device, comes with voice command remote, and has better sound output capabilities. If you are looking for something to move around the house, take with you, or just want the convenience of another streaming device, the Stick is a good choice. If you can get it on special for $19, it is a no-brainer.
Perfect device and I highly recommend it.My wife and I were planning on canceling our dish network subscription and substituting it with fire TV and use only ( Amazon prime, Netflix and Hulu), (I'm saying were because we moved abroad). Before moving from the U.S. I had three devices  chrome cast , fire TV and Apple TV. Here is a comparison between them, I hope it helps those who still wondering which decide they should get: Chrome Cast: First of all i don't know how people compare it to fire TV and Apple TV; these are completely different devices. Chrome cast is merely a device that allows you to stream from other devices to your tv. Fire tv and Apple TV are totally different story. Both devices have pre-installed apps(Netflix, Hulu etc) on them, so you won't need to stream from other devices (laptop, tablet, or smartphone). This could be annoying from a practical point of view. For example: if you are planning on streaming from your laptop to your TV, when the laptop is not home, no one else will be able to use chrome cast unless they too have other device to stream from. Basically you download a plugin to your browser, when watching a video, you click on the icon of the plug in on the top right of your browser and the video will stream on your TV.Apple TV and Fire TV: (my comparison will be based on the ability of each device to perform solely with no other devices involved.)Both have the two main video stream services; Netflix and Hulu among tens of other cool apps such as history channel and ESPN (you can see all the apps on www.apple.com/appletv andAmazon.com/firetvExtra cool stuff:1- Apple TV allows you to watch movies/videos from your computer as long as they are in the itunes library (limited to MP4 format). This option is not available on Fire. To play a video from your computer on your TV via Apple TV, it's a pain in the neck if this video format is not supported by iTunes. In such a case you'd either have to convert the video format to iTunes applicable format ( mp4) or play the video on another application that would allow you (most if not all of them are paid).2-Apple TV allows you to watch your pictures/videos from your iCloud on your TV. Fire lets you see you pictures/videos storaged in the Amazon cloud only. So it depends on which app you use; iCloud or Amazon prime storage (iPhone users their pictures and videos are stored on iCloud by default).3- Fire TV has prime instant video, which is not available on Apple TV.  I personally love Amazon prime, so this is a huge plus.4- Music: it depends on how you listen to your music. If you are a pandora fan, (or any of it's equivalent other radio streaming apps) then Fire TV is your choice. Apple TV has only music from iTunes. You can either listen to the music that you already purchased from iTunes or purchase new music. You can also listen to music from other devices such as your laptop, tablet or iPod. Finally, if you are prime member, so you are already an Amazon music prime member which is a good source of music but of course not as good as iTunes.5- Apple TV allows you to mirror your laptops/phone/iPad screen to the TV screen. Fire TV doesn't let you do that.6- games: only on fire TV. Some of them you can play with the remote and others you will need to buy a controller.7- Apps choice: with Apple TV you have no choice with the apps you download, every other while you will receive an update with new apps. This is not the case with fire TV, which has what's similar to apps market where you can choose which apps you want to download.Conclusion: choosing which device to purchase depends in my opinion on two main factors: which apps you will be using especially when it comes to video streaming; Netflix and Hulu Plus only versus Netflix, Hulu plus and Amazon prime. Secondly: how much integration you are expecting with your other devices (laptops, smartphone and tablets).-If you are a prime member: Amazon fire is your choice, unless you want to play it from other device and mirror it to your screen.-if you are a dictated apple fan, your music, your videos, your pictures all are from/on Apple devices, then Apple TV is your choice. You.Good luck and if you have any questions let me know and I'll answer them.
I purchased the Fire TV Stick when there was a prime special and it was half off, thinking "I could probably use this for something."  I have a computer hooked up to my TV, so don't need any of the roku-like devices.  However, I figured it might be good for traveling.  When I received the Fire TV Stick in the mail I immediately plugged it into my TV and starting setting it up.  Set up was EXTREMELY easy because it already was connected to my personal prime account.  I was shocked at the ease.  And there was a nice cheesy start-up video to show you the capabilities.  I've had the stick for about a month now and I have to say - I use it more often than I thought I would, and primarily for listening to music and watching YouTube.  Because the stick doesn't have any excess programs clogging it up like my computer does, it seems to stream music and video cleaner than my computer.  One really neat feature is the YouTube app.  You can actually control it from your phone.  If you open up YouTube on your phone while near the Fire TV Stick, there will be a small icon in the app on your phone allowing you to choose and queue videos, play/pause, etc. directly from your phone.  This is actually a really cool feature that I have used several times.  A YouTube video takes about 3-4 seconds to start, but once it starts, it never stops again to buffer - a greatly appreciated feature.  Netflix and Amazon Prime video have streamed flawlessly for me as well.  For reference, my internet speed is "up to 20 Mbps" and I have between 4 and 6 devices connected at any given time.  I cannot compare this to other streaming devices given that I don't own any others, but for the price, I am impressed so far and have no regrets in my purchase.
**update 7/2015 original review below**So I've had this thing since launch.  After a few patches its gotten better but it still isn't truly reliable.  It loses connection more than it should.  Apps crash for no reason at all and sometimes especially in Netflix the video has micro stutter meaning for about a second the image will freeze before playing again.  No matter what i do I can't fix it.  I've tried multiple routers I've tried signa boosters, different HDMI ports different TVs different USB cables for power...everything.  So its the device.If the device was $20 which is what I paid because I was a first wave buyer then it would be worth it despite the issues but at $40?  You are much better off saving money and buying a $25 chromecast.  I've never had any issues with a chrome cast and its easy enough that my mother who fan barely work a phone can use it.  In fact she likes it enough she bought a second one for her bedroom.  I bought her first.  She was going to buy a $100 box to do less so I jumped in and bought her the chromecast.  I figures the fire tv stick has too many issues and she would just get frustrated using it.-----original review below-----I got in on the first wave so my device arrived before Christmas and was only $20 so I can't be THAT mad about the bugs but I sure can post a review to warn you.The firetv stick has a bug in the way it handles WiFi.  This bug somehow causes routers to basically shut down.  It happens roughly 25% of the time I use the device which is only at night when I go to bed.When the device turns on and I load into say Netflix everything will appear fine.  I'll select a tv show and it loads up.  Then if I hit the show more episodes buttons POOF WiFi signal lost.  The problem is the WiFi signal is lost because the fire tv stick has somehow cause my router to crash.it also happens sometimes when loading the next episode and very rarely during an episode.  I'm using a premium level consumer router.  It has never had an issue before the firetv stick and the only time I have to reboot it is when using the firetv.It really makes zero sense.  I tried to report a bug but that was fruitless as amazon customer service just gave me the run around.  I have had this issue on 2 routers both from Cisco.  Both routers have the latest firmware as does the firetv stick as of 1/12/2015.Rebooting the router is a hassle as it requires me to.go back downstairs.  Its not a deal breaker but be warned it can happen and will make you curse this device.Other than that glaring issue its good for the price I paid.  It plays basic games and runs media apps I use to watch tv in bed.
Ready for my sad tale?I ordered the Fire TV stick when it was $19 for Prime members in November. Took about a month or so to ship. Hooked it up right before Christmas and...it didn't work. Ok, it worked, but it would not keep a wifi signal for more thank 2 minutes before getting the "check your settings" notification. Tried playing with it for a bit and couldn't get it to function normally. Meanwhile, I have a minimum of seven other wifi connected devices in my home that all work without a hitch. It clearly wasn't my wifi network, it was the Fire TV stick.I went online to research the issue and found many, many other people having the same issue. I was really disappointed in Amazon for putting out a product that was so buggy.I put it back in the box and was prepared to return it just after the holiday.Around New Year's I decided to pull it out again and give it another try. The only thing I did differently this time was to hook it up via the HDMI dongle rather than directly into the HDMI port in my television. (I used the external power charger both times) Lo and behold, it held the wifi signal without a problem! I looked online and saw that a software update had happened in the meantime as well, so I'm not sure if it was the software update or the use of the dongle or some combination of the two, but now it works perfectly.I'm a long time Roku user and feel that the Roku's biggest strength is it's smooth and user-friendly UI, followed by the number of "channels" available. Fire TV pales in comparison on both counts. I'm sure the "channel" or "app" situation will improve, it's only a matter of time for things like that. But the UI is very clunky and not anywhere near as slick to navigate.Having said all that, I absolutely love the Fire TV stick. Why? In one word: speed. This thing is an incredibly fast streamer, faster by far than the Roku, even faster than watching something on my Macbook. Amazon content, as you may have heard, is incredibly nimble. From pressing play there's maybe a 1-2 second lag. Even Netflix and Youtube are quite zippy. And Netflix supports profiles on the Fire Tv, which is something the Roku still doesn't do.So if you're an Amazon Prime member in the market for a cheap, speedy streamer, you could do much worse than the Fire TV stick.
I have had the Firestick only one day; if any of my comments change I will update this review.I have three Roku devices in my house, all of which work fine except at one location where all three have the same problem.  I have a hunch there are wires or other metals in the wall that are behind the TV that interfere with the roku and though the router is strong and in the same room, occasionally (two or three times a day) the Roku drops signal and re-boots.  And, two different TVs have been in this one location and the problem happened with both.  This is annoying and if I am deliberately leaving the TV on, say for music streaming, the streaming is shut down until I sign in to the streaming service again.  I did not contact Roku because I have found their support lacking.I bought a Netgear router to see if that was the problem and in fact it is much stronger than the one Verizon Fios provided me (they won’t admit that) so the speed of the downloads and the frequency of dropped signal were less,  but, still occuring.I then bought the fire stick hoping that the communication between the router and the fire stick would not be interrupted and after 24 hours it has not (not constant operation).There are two downsides to the Fire stick.  One, I had hoped it would draw sufficient power from the HDMI jack; it does not, so it does need supplemental power (power source provided in the box), which means I have one power wire I cannot conceal.  No big deal.  The second problem is that I stream music from Spotify.  The fire stick does not have access built in apparently so I had to (and it worked) download an app.  When I want to use Spotify I have to start it via my cell phone rather than just using the fire stick remote.  Not a big deal but took me awhile to figure out what they were trying to get me to do.  I have to imagine there are other programs out there that have the same requirements and I hope Amazon is not being dishonest by leading the user to Amazon prime (built in to the fire stick) instead of Spotify or other music streaming services and, again, it does work.The rest is all good.  This thing is speedy, a bit faster than Roku. It is less bulky (would be even less so if it did not need the power cord).  It was very easy to set up and, as I wrote earlier, seems to have taken care of the problem I was having with the dropped signal to the Roku.  During programs, such as music streaming, where there is no viewer interaction, the screen defaults to beautiful (probably UHD) photographs of geographic features from around the world.After one day I am happy with it other than the Spotify streaming complication and would buy it again.  I will consider it as gifts during the upcoming holiday season.
I was able to get this during the introductory sale for $20, but I'd say it's a great buy even at the full $40.This will turn any display with an HDMI port into a great way to watch streaming content (assuming you also can get sound from that display).  There are a number of hardware options for streaming content, and this is one of the good ones.  I have it plugged into an older Panasonic plasma that is wall mounted in my office, and it's tucked behind the TV and out of sight.  Sure, there's still the power cord for this, but I have it tied up against the TV power cord.Navigating through the menus is very fast, and it starts to play videos quickly, too.  My main reason to get it was for streaming online videos, but I've also used it for Prime Music - which it also does a great job with.  I haven't played any games on it, yet.You can also load other applications on it.  I know folks that have sideloaded Kodi (formerly XBMC) home theater software on it, and they seem very impressed by the Fire TV Stick's ability to handle it.  I haven't loaded it, yet, but I plan to.I love the RF remote (i.e. you don't need line of sight to the stick to control it).  It's just so easy to use, and I'm slowly breaking my habit of pointing the remote in the direction of the device - because you don't need to.  Granted, an RF remote was a requirement for any stick that would be hidden behind a TV...but I still love it.  :)The one nit that I have is that videos are initially lower resolution when they start playing.  That's the trade off for starting up a show very quickly without much buffering - it starts to play, and then catches up with the buffer for the higher resolution.  If you're internet is fast enough, you may never notice this.  I have ~35 Mbps download speeds, but I get lower resolution for a few seconds when shows start.  I wish there was a setting (and maybe there is and I haven't found it) to force it to buffer, as I'd rather wait another few seconds and get high def right from the start.All in all, I'm highly impressed.  I bought it on a whim and expected it to serve little purpose for me, but I was happily proven wrong.  It is incredibly handy in my office and works astoundingly well.  I very much recommend it.
I bought it as a $20 pre order as a Prime Member and have had it since early December. I can honestly say that even at $40, this would be a good value.Our Sony blu ray player has streaming, which was used primarily for our Amazon Prime streaming. I really bought the Fire TV Stick just to play with and also to try the phone mirroring feature.The phone mirroring first... This is the main reason I am writing this review - to let others know...I have a Galaxy S3 from Verizon with Android KitKat (4.4.2). I have only seen a few reviews talk about phone mirroring form an S3, and it seems they say it did not work...  Not sure why, as I have used it multiple times and it has been flawless. Simply turn on mirroring on the fire TV (settings menu, must be done each time you want to mirror) and then turn on screen mirroring on your S3. Let them find each other, and all is good. Both steps need to be done each time...As for my Sony blu ray streaming, compared to the new Fire TV stick. The Fire TV Stick is, without a doubt, faster to load and start programs. Amazingly so, actually... And, for what it's worth, the Sony blu ray is wired to our network, and the Fire TV Stick is, obviously, wireless. And still the Fire TV Stick easily outperforms the Sony.In case you care (and even if you don't...) I am not using the included USB power block but rather have the USB plugged in to the Sony blu ray's USB port since it is also the sound system for our setup. It works fine and starts up when we turn on the TV and sound system. We did not even get any type of warning message that other reviews have mentioned.Finally, it is small enough to move easily to other TV's if the need / desire arises...So... In summary...A) Screen mirroring DOES work with the Galaxy S#B) the thing is fast and is worthwhile even if you have other streaming optionsC) portability is another plusAll in all, easily 5 stars....
Yes, you can operate 2 (or more?) sticks in the same household.  I have Xfinity Wi-Fi at 14-19 Mbps according to their SpeedTest site and there's no problem streaming two sticks/HDTV's at the same time (plus use a laptop to do Internet stuff).My original thought was not so much the Wi-Fi speed, but the possible conflict of Fire TV Stick remote controls.  The remote for the Fire TV Stick is RF, not infrared, and that's absolutely excellent.  No need to point the remote towards the TV and hope it works.  Heck, you can have Fire TV remote control  under your bed covers and it works.  AND... its RF range is such that you can do "remote" functions from another room in the house.Which brings me to this:  I was hesitant to buy a second Fire TV Stick, thinking that a second RF remote control would conflict with the first -- especially when you realize they work beyond the room where the HDTV is.  I didn't see it mentioned anywhere in the marketing blurbs or tech specs that two (or more) can work on the same Wi-Fi network in the same house on two HDTV's.  But I took a chance, figuring I could return the second one if there was a collision. (note: I can't speak for everyone in that your Wi-Fi will support simultaneous streaming).Well, heck, Amazon makes it so danged easy with pseudo A.I. that the second remote programs itself automatically once "it" realizes it has a "sibling" in the household (I wish I could've said the same for my kid sister).  In other words, the second stick & RF remote does NOT conflict with the first; even naming itself as "Name's 2nd Fire TV Stick" (where "name" is my Amazon Prime account name).A further bonus is the free Amazon Fire TV stick Android app, which is awesome and also knows there are two sticks in the household and allows you to select each time you use it which stick you want the app to control.So Kudos to the techies that designed the ultra convenience of a RF remote instead of infrared and had the foresight in making it program itself to the appropriate Fire TV stick (and the Android app, too).
The Fire TV Stick is a total waste of time & money if you already have an internet compatible tv, blu-ray player, apple tv, roku, or any other streaming device for your tv.  If you can watch Netflix or Amazon Prime on your tv somehow already, then this device just duplicates that ability.  It does not offer anything at all new unless you want to mirror from your kindle (which is why I bought it), but the fine print does not make it clear that it will mirror ONLY three specific versions of ONLY Kindle Fire HDX.  There is still marketing material out there that says it will work with Kindle Fire HD 7, but I was specifically informed today by 3 separate customer service reps (none of whom really seemed to know what they were doing) that this is not so, that only the 3 specific versions of the HDX will work.  The support rep informed me that it is only really designed to work with 2015 Kindle HDX, so my 6 month old Kindle is now obsolete.  In other words, Amazon markets this as the latest greatest thing to be able to watch all your streaming media on the big screen, but in actuality it offers nothing that my 3 year old blu-ray player doesn't already give me, UNLESS I want to buy a brand new Kindle HDX for mirroring.  I had hoped this would allow me to watch XfinityTVGo on a large screen, but though that streaming app works on just about all phones and computers made in the last five years, there is no app for using that service with the shiny new Fire TV Stick.  The Fire TV Stick also will not work with any Apple products such as an iPhone, iMac, iPad, etc.  All in all, the Fire TV Stick is nothing new - just old capabilities wrapped up in shiny new packaging - like putting lipstick on a pig.
I give this firestick 5 stars. My use is a little different than most, however this stick delivers what it's intended to deliver quite well, the menu although it could benefit from perhaps a little overhaul in organization, is easy enough to use.As far as intended function, the only suggestion i would have is to allow a little menu customization to remove categories, and bring apps from the SETTINGS>manage all apps section to the load screen at least and even better if it could automatically boot to a specified app on startup.Now I specifically, only use this for XBMC/KODI. This is one of the most popular home theater application around, and what makes this little device worth it for me.From the start, this device for use with XBMC i give it 4.5 stars. Losing only half a star for the combination of long menu click wait times (reasonable by all means, but a little longer than i like to see) and sometimes poor video quality on the big screen. See below.I will not walk through the complete install process here, a simple google search with provide tons of methods, but more of a general overview.After initial fire stick set up, you will need an application on your pc " ADB Utility" and your choice of Xbmc android builds. I personally love tvmc from tv addons. Preconfigured with the best add ons already in place! Any current instruction that advises you of stopping updates and such from the stick, you're too late. The latest firmware is already installed.After opening the above mentioned application on a computer, follow the directions to install, really really easy.To launch from amazon main dashboard, scroll all the way to settings, down to application, over to manage all applications,  xbmc will be towards the bottom, launch and viola. Your into Xbmc menu. I will assume you can take it from there, otherwise there are a million resources on google, i recommend TVaddons they have great walkthroughs.As mentioned above, The menu time between selection a selection brings up the working hud, a little longer than i would like.Also occasionally hitting say the back arrow on the remote just once will make the xbmc system keypress sound multiple times as it hiccups its way back to the xbmc dashboard.I consider these very manageable quirks, part of using a device for unintended purposes.Lastly, i have found that occasionally some of SD sources, that same source looking fine on my big screen tv through my media pc, look rather pixelated. This may vary greatly from tv to tv and individual circumstances. On my 32" bedroom tv, most if not all sources look great. So since it is a standard def source stretched out, (kinda like zooming on say a cell phone picture) the  same result is not had from media pc, meaning its just the video processor of the stick, is just not as strong as the pc. Which obviously is to be expected. I use HD sources when possible, with no issues of blocky or pixelated screen. And not all sd sources do it there is a good chance that the source is just that poor of quality. Also another possibility is the codec the stream is encoded in may struggle to be rendered by The stick. Again a small Quirk that isn't often a problem, expected with the unintended purpose of the stick.For those who find it important, the amazon remote has no volume button, and my media center remotes while they do move the xbmc volume slider on screen, it does not actually adjust the volume.Despite the above mentioned quirks, which were to be expected, having come from using chromecast, and a few other attempts,  This amazon fire stick delivered well beyond my expectations for Xbmc/Kodi. And i would recommend it to anyone.You will soon be able to check out the Kodi forums and tv addon forums for a list of android tv devices, how do they all stack up, who sits at the top. Expected to be posted in FEB.If this review helped you , please click on the little link below, so i know i am hitting the things you need to know and that my reviews are helping people. Thanks
I picked this up after I saw it was on sale for Prime members a few months back. I got an email letting me know I'd get it sometime in January. To my surprise, it showed up at my front door before Christmas. I had picked this up in case I could repair an old TV. That ended up working out and I was able to give a fixed TV and this Fire Stick together for Christmas. Kudos to Amazon for the early ship.On to the Stick itself. I don't have any experience with any of the other HDMI media players (Roku, Apple, Google, etc.) So having no experience with any of the competitors, I have to say this things pretty cool for the right person. For someone who doesn't have cable and wants to watch Netflix, Hulu plus, or uses Amazon for their media purchases, this thing is perfect. If you fit all of the above and don't mind waiting for it to go on sale, even better.The remote works pretty well and I was able to navigate well enough with it. It doesn't do any crazy voice searching or anything, but you can download an app for your smart phone that lets you control AND voice search. I don't have a ton of experience with the app itself, but from what I've use on the Android version, it worked pretty well and didn't give me any headaches.Setting this thing up is pretty easy if you've got a TV made in the last 7 years or so. Basically, you plug in the fire stick to an HDMI port and plug in the power adapter. You'll connect to your Wi-fi network from there and you're all set.I've rented some movies on it, was able to access my stored shows, and downloaded Netflix without any issues. I did have a massive stuttering issue during the tutorial video (which you can't skip) which made the whole thing just an annoying slideshow that took way longer than it needed to. I'm hoping that was just a fluke and not a sign of things to come. If it turns out this stick wants to turn all of my shows into flip book versions, I'll post an update.Time will tell to see how much content comes to the stick. For now, I'm happy that I'm able to watch Netflix and Hulu without having a big box attached on the wall. For the right kind of user, this thing is awesome. For anyone who watches a lot of TV and has cable, uses Apple or Google play store for their media, doesn't have Wi-fi, or (obviously) doesn't have an HDMI port, I'd recommend something else. If you're flexible and want to rent via Amazon or already pay for Netflix, this things great for the money.
Pre-ordered this back in the fall and it arrived in December.  We were still in the process of moving and had no internet connection in the new house, so it sat in a box until last night.The packaging is nice, visually appealing, and easy to open and unpack. Installation was very easy to our bedroom setup, which consists of a Sony Bravia TV, Sony Blu-Ray player, and Sony soundbar.Even though our Blu-Ray player streams Amazon and Netflix very well, we don't yet have a network cable installed in the new bedroom. Since the Fire TV Stick uses wireless, it seemed like a good fit. Even better, the Fire TV stick can show subtitles - a feature my first-gen smart Blu-Ray player lacks.Installation was simple and only took a few minutes. After entering our wireless passphrase, the unit updated itself, then played a short intro video.I am an existing Prime member, and the unit was already pre-registered to my account, a nice touch (if a little creepy).The interface is easy to navigate, and in no time I had installed the Netflix app and was watching a movie.After an uneventful playback, and realizing it was still not time for bed, I started a second movie in a fit of laziness. About halfway through the second movie, the screen started going black, then coming back. I could still hear audio. I paused the movie, then resumed it. The picture reappeared and I continued watching, chalking it up to our new, slower, internet connection. A few minutes later, the screen went blue, displaying "HDCP UNAUTHORISED CONTENT DISABLED", and remained there.Knowing that HDCP technology is centered around ensuring that a copyrighted program is played to an actual television, computer screen, or projector (and not first intercepted by a recording device), I started by turning off power to the TV and everything attached to it. Then, I  removed and reconnected all the HDMI cables. Upon powering everything back up, I was able to complete the movie without further interruption.This morning, I searched the web for this error and found that a great many people are reporting similar problems with this device.Hopefully, Amazon can fix this overly - aggressive HDCP triggering in a firmware update. Until then, I can't really recommend a device that frustrates so soon after installation. Our old Blu-Ray player is fully HDCP compliant as well... and it hasn't once triggered any rude messages in all its years of service.
Let me start by saying I am a big Amazon user.  I am a Prime member, shop Amazon on a weekly basis and use most of the Prime services, so when I saw that I could try this Fire Stick out at the introductory price of $20, I jumped on it.  I "cut the cord" a while ago and do not have cable TV, so we use high speed internet to stream all of our content (Amazon, Hulu and Netflix) to our 3 TVs.  I didn't need this Fire stick since we were already using a PS3, a blu-ray with streaming apps and a ROKU, but for $20 I thought it might work better than my blu-ray player and would be a great backup.Setup was a breeze and the responsiveness was an upgrade from my basic ROKU and blu-ray player.  I have a USB port on my TV so I was able to power it from there instead of having yet another device plugged into my power strip.  The remote is well laid out and responsive (most of the time, see below).  I also like being able to do voice searches from the Fire Android app.I figured that the Fire Stick menus would be somewhat Amazon specific, but it is straight up dominant.  The entire menu system is set up around Amazon and the other streaming apps are tucked away as an afterthought.  Since I use most of their services, I will benefit from this, but if I was looking for a ROKU replacement, I would be severely disappointed.I have also suffered from the "HDCP unauthorized. Content disabled" issues that some others have complained about.  Basically when trying to view content from Hulu or Netflix, you will get a blue screen with this warning across it.  From internet research, it appears that this may happen with older TVs.  My TV is not ancient (Sony KDL-46Z4100/B), but is about 5-6 years old and there have been no issues with any other manufacturers equipment.  It appears that a fix is to unplug all your HDMI devices and the power to everything and plug it back in.  This worked for a day and I got the error again.  I unplugged everything again and it went away.  I don't know if this will be a reoccurring hassle, but if so, this thing will become useless to me.One final issue is that when playing some games, I have had the entire unit lock up on me.  The home button would work, but the controls for a very simple game would not work.  I had to exit out and try again.  Overall, i really wanted to like this Fire Stick, but its become more of a hassle than a pleasure.  I'm hoping a future firmware update will resolve some of these problems.  Since its currently working, I give it 3-stars.  If the HDCP issues continue, I'll give it 2-stars.  If a firmware update fixes some of the issues, I'll give it 4 stars.  Revamp the menu system to make it easier to access, sort and search 3rd party apps to get a 5-star rating from me.UPDATE: I have a receiver as part of my Sony HTCT550W Sound Bar that had an extra HDMI, so I plugged this into that and the HDCP errors went away.  This was only about a year or so newer than the TV, so I still feel that it should have worked in the back of my TV, but I am happy its working now.
So they advertise that this is faster and better than the Chromecast but it was SOOOO much slower.  My WiFi network is stupid fast, had to upgrade it all a while back when I purchased the nVidia Shield; stellar router, T1 fiber Internet, even tried with no other devices online, tried 2.4 and 5GHz bands and only about 20ft from the router and still buffering ever 20 seconds.  This thing has many issues.  For starters, my TV wouldn't recognize it, that took about 10 minutes and then another 10 minutes trying to connect the remote.  The USB power cable CANNOT be plugged into the TV, you must used the AC adapter.  Be warned, the cable is only a few feet so if you have your TV wall mounted and don't have a wall outlet near the ceiling you will need a USB extender.If you enjoy using Allcast, give it up, doesn't work well at all with this.  When Allcast is searching for devices it finds my Roku, all three Chromecasts and.......3 minutes later it finds this firestick.  Figured I would buy this with the hopes of faster media streaming from my tablet or phone of my own media since it is dual band but I was wrong.  Streaming over my Chromecast is much faster and smoother.  Less buffering than this stick.  Save yourself the headache.Do you enjoy how playing Netflix and when a show ends the next one plays automatically after?  Give that up cause it sort of does that.  Once the fire stick is done with one episode, it buffers the next to 99% and stays there; only playing audio.  It forces you to manually grab the remote, back out of Netflix and play the next episode if you want audio and video.The device does come with some pre-installed apps, mostly just some sports worthlessness, Pandora and Netflix.  (Yaaaawn)  Very easy to navigate and find your way around.  You are able to find your Prime music and movies with great ease but transfer and buffering times are so slow I had enough time to purchase other products on amazon before they began to play.Overall I want to punch myself in the face on even buying this.  Had such high hopes, amazon usually is a step above the rest.  Switched back to my crummy little Chromecast and Roku 2.  Guess I will just endure laggy and glitchy performance till the Chromecast 2 comes out.  Please don't waste your money, I beg you.  I fell for marketing hype and fluffed up advertisement and now I have to print a return shipping label.  My vision of amazon made products has greatly decreased.  Oh well, live and learn I guess.
So in the portable media market you have three big players...  The Google Chromecast, the Roku Stick and the Fire TV Stick.  I happen to own all three and travel 3 our 4 weeks a month.  I'll run down the pros and cons of each.Chromecast:-Pros Smallest "package" (due to the lack of a remote) Works with just about anything you can view on your phone or PC-Cons Doesn't have a remote, you'll have to use you phone / PC and heaven help you if you are in a hotel with several WIFI hotspots and your phone hops over to another one. You have to find the media first and then send it to the device Doesn't have a browser, so you may want to bring a wifi router to get around sites with landing pagesRoku Stick:-Pros Has a remote Has a store for finding channels Has a ton of channels for just about every taste Netflix, Amazon, VUDU, HULU, Crackle, HBO GO, Google Play, DishWorld, NBA, MLB, ESPN, etc Can search across most of the main providers Some content is ad supported for free or pay a nominal amount to view it ad free-Cons The interface can freeze on occasion Finding channels can be a daunting task Many channels have OLD content Some content is ad supported for free or pay a nominal amount to view it ad free Doesn't have a browser, so you may want to bring a wifi router to get around sites with landing pagesFire TV Stick:-Pros Has a remote Has a store for finding channels / apps The initial offers of channels / apps seems limited, but it's all wheat, no chaff Netflix, Amazon, Twitch, HULU, Crackle, HBO GO (coming soon), NBA, ESPN, Flixster, Showtime, PLEX, etc The interface seems smoother and faster than the Roku Stick-Cons Finding channels can be a daunting task The initial offers of channels / apps seems limited Doesn't have a browser, so you may want to bring a wifi router to get around sites with landing pagesSo what do I use?I have been mainly using the Roku Stick, but the Fire TV Stick just became my favorite.
I was very excited about the Amazon Fire Stick. I pre-ordered mine the first day I saw it on Amazon.com, and couldn't wait to receive it. When it came in, I was very impressed with the design, everything from the packaging to the unit itself were neat, clean lines, etc. I plugged it in to my TV and fired it up.When I first installed it, there seemed to be a little bit of an issue connecting to my home WiFi. It would connect, but then get stuck downloading a software update and eventually lose the connection. I didn't think too much about it, because it finally connected successfully, downloaded the update, and I was up and running. My router was not next to the TV, but was in the same room, 15 feet or closer. Regardless, everything seemed to be working fine, and my wife and I were very happy.We continued to use it without major issues for a couple of weeks, but started noticing an intermittent buzzing/freezing/lag issue while watching content. The symptoms were all very accurately described here: http://www.amazon.com/forum/kindle?_encoding=UTF8&cdForum;=Fx1D7SY3BVSESG&cdThread;=Tx3UBSMPD3VTWIJ . We encountered this on both Amazon Prime videos and via the  Netflix app. I wasn't crazy about this, but it didn't dramatically interrupt viewing, and I figured it was just something that would get fixed eventually via a software/firmware update.But by the third week, we started experiencing some major issues. The stick would lose connection consistently at first, and just cut off whatever we were watching. Usually, power cycling the stick would resolve it, but this was still pretty frustrating. Finally it just quit connecting altogether. With the holidays, we traveled a bit, but when I got back and tried to use the stick, I had constant connection issues. The Home screen would not load, and it would tell me to check my network settings, at which point, I would be prompted to reenter my WiFi password, and one of two things would happen: it would reject my password, or tell me I was "Connected with Problems". I googled that and came across the following post that is almost exactly what I was experiencing: http://www.amazon.com/forum/kindle/ref=cm_cd_pg_pg1?_encoding=UTF8&cdForum;=Fx1D7SY3BVSESG&cdPage;=1&cdThread;=Tx2CDOG0K31UBSBI power cycled the fire stick several times, and also my WiFi router several times. I moved the router closer to the TV (less than 10 feet away). I installed the HDMI extender and made sure the fire stick had a direct sight line to my router. Finally, I performed a factory reset on the fire stick. Nothing. After the factory reset, it could not even download the software update.At this point I began chatting with Tech Support. I even had several phone calls. Of course the first steps were ones I'd already performed, but I did them again on the phone. Finally, someone told me I had to have a network error or a problem with my WiFi router. However, the Fire TV stick was the only piece of WiFi equipment in my house that wouldn't connect to my router, so I found this doubtful. Still, I did a factory reset on the WiFi router. Nothing.Amazon sent me a replacement Fire stick that arrived in 1 business day. I was grateful for this, but couldn't connect it either. Same issues as before. Through multiple chat sessions with tech support, I was told repeatedly that they were aware of the WiFi connection issues and working to fix them. I'm returning both Fire sticks: the one I bought and the replacement they sent me.I'm disappointed this didn't work. For the price, it seemed like a steal, and the specs on it are great. For the two weeks it worked, I was happy with the device. I'm also very thankful for Amazon's tech support; aside from an initial conversation where I felt like they were blaming me for all the issues, they did everything they could to help me fix this and make it work. But ultimately, the device simply does not do what it is supposed to do, and until they can figure out how to make it work properly, I would avoid this device.
Firstly, I am comparing this to the Amazon Fire TV box. Right off the bat the remote control does not have voice search features. It doesn't even have a microphone built into it. I think you have to pay around $30 extra for that. In that case you might as well get the Amazon Fire TV box. But I knew about this before I ordered it. In fact I am one of the people who bought two of them for half off during its early release. Other then that, the remote works as intended but feels much more like cheap plastic compared to its microphone version remote which looks, grips and feels better.Secondly, I can tell immediately that the Fire Stick is much slower to respond to remote button clicks then the Fire TV is. I assume because the Fire Stick has a lesser processor which is the Broadcom Capri 28155 dual-core 2xARM A9 with 1GB ram VS Amazon Fire TV which has a nice Qualcomm Krait 300 quad-core 1.7Ghz processor with 2GB ram. If you have no idea what that means, it means the Amazon Fire TV Box is much faster then the stick. However video playback on the stick doesn't seem to be bothered by the lesser processor. I do notice that if I leave the stick for several days and come back to it, its very slow starting up but after a couple minutes it starts moving fast again or is just reboots automatically because it just crashes. I believe it may be forced into an interactive governor but I haven't checked. Google Android Interactive Governor if you want to learn more about what that is.Thirdly, I had a hard time getting the Fire Stick to work with adobe digital surround sound with my receiver. When I would play any Amazon movie, the sound wouldn't come through. However, playing a video through Hulu Plus or Netflix worked fine. So I tried out my Fire Box on the same receiver and it worked fine. I got in touch with Amazon tech support and talked to a leader, which has something to do with their position with support. Her name was Jasmine. A very helpful leader. I would suggest asking for her. After a couple weeks of her calling me to check in and waiting to hear back from the back end developers, they knew of the problem and eventually down the road it would be fixed. For some reason, in the Fire Stick settings when adobe digital surround sound is selected and used in conjunction with certain receivers the sound from the Amazon library don't produce sound but Netflix and Hulu Plus work fine. I was told it would be fixed in a possible distant firmware or software upgrade. For the time being, I have to switch to the 2.1 sound setting which means I cannot enjoy my 5.1 sound system in my theatre room. I could always hook up the Amazon TV box but I got it perfectly situated in my other TV room.Lastly, there is no USB port on the stick. So for those who are rooting and taking advantage of the USB port or for those who just want to use it for a keyboard or mouse on the Amazon Fire TV, can't happen on the stick.And one more thing to add. The app that allows you to use your phone for navigating the Fire Stick and to use voice search is extremely hit and miss. You talk into your phone and it may or may not type out the words you said on the screen and if it does its 5 seconds later. The TV Stick is new and I am sure people will submit enough feedback to get these problems resolved.Honestly, I would spend the extra money and get the Amazon Fire TV box. You pay a bit more but you get a more superior product. And if you root the box and take advantage of the USB port the possibilities are endless.
First let me say I am new to this streaming stick/tv game.  I have never used any of the other similar products....Just what my family needed!  It is now saving me $5.99 a month as I got to return the digital adapter that Verizon was charging me each month to watch TV in low definition in a extra bedroom.  It is soooo convenient to just plug it in to the TV and GO!  If you have a younger child and let them watch tv (and have prime) this is a MUST.  There are many kid tv shows streaming FREE with Prime.  It might be a surprise to some of you but if you have Prime you have access to 1000s of TV shows and Movies for free!  This device makes them worth watching since you will get to watch them on your TV and not your little computer monitor.  The size is great, it is easily movable from TV to TV.  The one thing that is not really clear is there is a small power source you plug into the USB stick that makes it go.  I was thinking the USB was going to be magically powered by the TV itself, lol.  It is super easy to use as well,  they did not make it complicated at all.  I would think my parents who are almost 60 could easily figure this out without any help. I was bummed that HBO GO was not included but I read that its on the way,  once HBO GO is up an running I think I will be buying another fire stick!  The one thing I do not like is that amazon instant video prices are equal or  more expensive than DVDS and Blu-Rays!!  Why in the world would a digital copy from Amazon cost more than a Blu-Ray that comes WITH a Digital copy and sometimes even a DVD!TLDR version-If you have Prime and would like to watch TV where you do not have a cable/satellite box, buy oneIf you have Prime and would like the save anywhere from $5.99 to $24.99 a month for a box you do not use often, buy oneIf you have Prime and a kiddo, buy one
Works great! I travel a lot, so the Fire TV stays at home and this fire stick comes with me. If you have to have one, just way cost benefit, this little thing has few drawbacks and I use this all the time on the TV without the Fire TV. When out and traveling though, it's so convenient not to plug my laptop into the TV in a hotel room to watch a few movies or shows at night, and you then dont need to be getting up to touch the mousepad or keyboard (or bring external ones) because the remote does all of that. If you even want to youtube videos from your now-available laptop, you can throw them to the fire stick via the share button. Note: to do this, you must have a direct password entry for the hotel wifi, no login-webpage-redirect; if the latter, you would need to bring a router or something to make your own wifi = complications for non-techy people in this situation.To compare to the Fire TV, sometimes has some lag here and there with the stick, but it can be hard to tell between the stick and internet - but the stick does lag occasionally. The stick has less processing power, so this makes sense. One other drawback that corrects for the log-in passwords on wifi is that this device MUST use wifi, unlike the Fire TV which can plug into ethernet. Note however, that the Fire TV is quite a bit less portable, and less likely to come on a trip anyway, so keep this in mind. Lastly, the remote that comes default does not have the voice recognition, this would have to be purchased separately (but this device is so much cheaper, I can see why, just plan to type with some extra clicking on a remote). Overall though any drawbacks are not hindering and hardly become bothersome, and this device WELL worth the cost. Its a great item, with some very minor drawbacks.
It doesn't seem right to compare this to a Chromecast, but comparing to a Roku seems appropriate.  The Chromecast operates in a completely different fashion by requiring another device (PC, tablet, smartphone, etc.) to tell it what to play.  The Fire TV Stick on the other hand is basically just an app powered media player that can be controlled by another device.  The interface is pretty, but I wouldn't call it the fastest or easiest to use media interface I've used.  I think the old Sony PS3 ribbon interface still gets the prize for that in my book...Overall, I'm happy with the functionality of the Fire TV Stick.  However, it does have some flaws that are disappointing.  Here's what I've ran into...I had wanted to use this to listen to Prime Music on my home stereo.  I bought this hoping that it would be controlled using Amazon Music or another app on my phone so I wouldn't have to have my TV on (the Fire TV app is basically just another remote control if you haven't looked at it yet).  Once I realized that I couldn't control it like Google Play to the Chromecast, I got a bit more annoyed that the Fire TV Stick could only play Prime music that was added to my library from another device.  Unlike Prime Video where you can play whatever...I was hoping the display mirroring functionality would be better (more like Chromecast).  Having to go into settings and start listening for a connection is a bit slow to do...  Plus the connection sometimes doesn't initialize correctly (tried on several miracast enabled devices).  When you do get it to come up, it does work though.The item's description talks about video quality and speed.  Personally I haven't been impressed with the video quality or the speed at which videos come up.  When you start a video, it does take a second or two to start up (quicker than most), but when it starts it's very poor quality.  After a few seconds of payback the video finally reaches full quality.  I would rather watch a spinning clock or something then see a little bit of the video in poor quality, but that's just me I guess...When I first setup the Fire TV Stick, I plugged it into my receiver that's in an AV on the other side of the wall (about 10 ft away, if that).  Since it's bluetooth I didn't think it'd have any issues (other devices haven't).  However, the remote didn't work unless there were no walls or doors in the way.  I ended up plugging it into my TV directly to fix the problem so it wasn't a pain to setup.  However, now that it's setup I just use HDMI CEC through my TV to control it, so I could move it back to my receiver if I wanted.My biggest issue with it is actually the wireless.  It's dual band which is nice, but it seems to be a bit flaky.  Every once an a while it will just lose connection completely.  It will say that I can connect by going to the network settings, so I do.  Once this happens, it says "Authentication Problem" when I try to connect to either my 2.4 or 5 GHz networks.  If you're familiar with wireless, there's essentially 3 states...  Association, Authentication, and finally Connection (connection is where the system can actually communicate on the wireless network).  An authentication problem can indicate a wrong passphrase, but I know it's right since it was just connected a second before.  I know it's not my AP because it does this with two different models (just bought a new one), and the AP is located 20 ft away with line of sight so there shouldn't be any interference.  Anyway, it seems that either I have a bad Fire TV stick, the wireless subsystem/driver in the OS has a bug, or it just uses an unreliable wifi chipset.  The worst part about this problem is that it doesn't seem to correct itself without rebooting the device.  How do you reboot you might ask since there's no way to do it in software and no reset button?  You have to go pull the power...HOWEVER, this device definitely is not all bad.  If you have a Fire tablet or phone the Fire TV Stick is pretty cool.  I just got the Fire HDX for Christmas, but it does a lot of functionality like the Chromecast does with any Android device plus more.  The scene information is a pretty neat feature for when you're watching a movie.  You probably won't care about it if you've never seen the movie before though because you'll be paying attention to the movie.I have to say, if it weren't for the wifi issues, this would be a 4 star device.  I'd give it 5 stars if it could operate headless with Prime Music like a Chromecast can with Google Play.UPDATE 4/10:After a couple updates of the software I'm having fewer issues.  However, now I've started having very annoying speed issues.  The WiFi connection seems to be a bit more stable.  I've only had to "reboot" a couple times in the past few weeks (there really needs to be a reboot menu option).  But now it's occasionally very slow.  As in it can take minutes to get content when my Kindle Fire and Nexus are working just fine.  This may be related, but while watching videos it will just freeze for a second or two.  Very frustrating.  Some days are worse than others.  Again, none of my other devices have this problem.
This thing came already registered/logged into my Amazon account! It not only knew who I was and had all my PERSONAL data on it (including email address and phone number), but I could make purchases WITHOUT any form of verification of who I am. IT DIDN'T EVEN ASK FOR A PASSWORD!!!! Seriously, Amazon?!What if I bought this as a gift for someone? Now they are not only already logged into my account, but they could be charging things to my account without any verification whatsoever? HUGE SECURITY BREACH. This is a lawsuit waiting to happen.Other than that, here are other "features" of this device:1) You are FORCED to watch some video designed for people who have never operated so much as a VCR. There is no option at all to skip the video (and it's a long video). So, say you buy multiple of these devices (I wouldn't recommend it), you have to sit through the same "how to use" video ON EVERY ONE OF THEM. Dear Amazon, give people the option to skip the video.2) The remote rarely works. I even changed the batteries and it's still a hit and miss to get it to work (mostly misses). Unless I'm standing directly next to the device, the remove doesn't do anything. GARBAGE!3) The menus are completely locked down with no option to configure them. Seriously? Even Apple, the company that locks down everything, gives you the option to change the menu/display screen to only show the items you want to see. Apple TV, Roku, and other similar devices allow you to configure them to the USER'S preference - not the preference of some corporation (i.e. Amazon.com). I have ZERO desire to buy Amazon Prime and I don't want to look at it every time I use the device. I have no desire to know what TV or videos you recommend for me to purchase, LET ME REMOVE THAT FROM THE MENUS. I bought this device for the sole purpose of using Plex to stream LOCAL video files.The only reason I got this was because it had the remote and Chromecast doesn't. Except the remote doesn't even work! On top of that, I feel this device is a MAJOR security threat to privacy and personal information. I think I'm switching back to my Chromecast.Here's a hint, Amazon: DO NOT COME PRE-AUTHENTICATED TO A USER'S ACCOUNT. And stop FORCING your other "services" on users.This is the only Amazon device I own and it will be the last. There is absolutely NO reason for this thing to need to know my personal information. I can only imagine how bad their other devices must be.
I really wanted to like this device, but alas, I think the Fire TV stick is not for us, at least not at this time.Full disclosure- I did buy this, like others, as a Prime Member for $19 when it was first released.  We are also consumers of two Roku boxes and one Roku stick.  Unfortunately, in my excitement at its faster processing speed and my desire to have a cool gift for my husband to unwrap, I saved it for Christmas, even though it came a few weeks earlier.We mainly watch Netflix and Amazon prime channels on our Roku devices so I figured this would be an easy transition.  I really love having the Amazon Prime Library available on the TV.  I utilize this premium of our Prime account on my Kindle Fire device all the time and having it stream in the living room saves me power on my tablet and is convenient.  My son and I have also tried out some of the games available through the device.  One was the Toy Story Smash which I had on my tablet and it was fun to play it on the TV without having the kids try to take my Fire away from me.*We didn't notice a faster speed than the Roku.*I was really disappointed to see that the voice control feature was NOT compatible with my older generation (2012) Kindle Fire HD (that does have a microphone built in).  My husband was showing me how he had the voice control on his phone app but I didn't have the voice option on my Fire.*Hubby watches NHL game center channel on Roku, NOT AVAILABLE on Fire TV stick.  Boo.  This is a big one.*Another channel we watch is Right Now Media, which offers a lot of wholesome kids programming and Christian based Bible studies and entertainment.  This too is not available on the Fire TV.*The kids were confused by the remote control.  Having only a matte black circle in the center and a shiny black circle surrounding it, with no labels, I understand why.  Granted, if this were our device of choice they would probably take to it well and figure it out, but it is something to take note of if you are shopping for a device that is kid friendly or for the elderly.Over all, for our family, this is not the right fit.  The price was right, I wanted to love it, but it just didn't work for us.
I ordered Fire TV Stick before it was released, and while Amazon was running a promotion for the Prime members. It arrived about three weeks sooner than it was originally promised.Product itself works really well, and I had some idea what to expect since I already own and use Google Chromecast. Difference between Chromecast and Fire TV Stick is that you don't have to use your phone to control the device. With the included remote control, you can browse and play apps, movies, tv shows, games, basically anything you want to do on the TV screen, you can do with remote control. I like this feature. The only disadvantage is that now there is another remote control added to our collection. That all said, Amazon recently released an "Amazon Fire TV Remote" app on iOS that lets you do all (or more) of tasks from your phone. This helps when you need to type movie names, etc. In fact, you don't have to type, you can just speak to it. It works really well in my opinion.I took one of my friends' advice and plugged it to power with the included adapter, as he mentioned USB from the TV does not seem to provide enough power to run it as smooth. I did not do extensive testing on this, but plugged in to the wall outlet, it performs very smoothly.Content wise, the biggest thing we miss is the Xfinity app, which Chromecast doesn't have either (Xbox 360 has an app for it). However, I am not sure whose decision that is. That all said, Amazon Prime does have lots of content, especially if you are looking into finding new TV shows. It's an easy and cheap way to check out shows and see if you like them - if you have missed the first seasons on TV. Once you catch up, you can watch the current episodes on TV, Xfinity app, or Hulu.Fire TV Stick is also supposed to support Miracast, however, I did not get a chance to use that quite yet. Finally, you can play games if you bought the controller, or with the remote. When you search for games, you could filter your results to search for games that are playable by the remote.In conclusion, this is a really good device to have, especially if you are an Amazon Prime member. I really like mine, and would definitely recommend it to a friend. If you are not a Prime member however, it's doesn't have loads of features that blows away the competition. I should note that it seems more responsive (faster) than Chromecast. Also, remember to not get carried away with which streaming stick (device) has how many channels, etc. I find that I use only a handful of apps. Just because it has a billion apps doesn't mean it's better.
I love it when people trash a product because they didn't do their homework prior to buying it.  Like assuming that you will get free access to services like Netflix or Hulu. Or not knowing that a huge chunk of the Prime video library is not free. Or not realizing that the stick requires an outside power source (mine works great connected to the USB port of my UVERSE box, did't work on the TV's USB port). If you don't have memberships to the above mentioned services, and are not planning to get one, this product is not for you, unless you don't mind spending 40 bucks to play a few free games on your big screen TV.The stick works as advertised. Immediately detected my 5GHz network and connected flawlessly. No drops in the connection. If your router is "far" from the stick, you may want to try a 2.4 GHz connection (reaches farther that the 5 GHz). I don't have Netflix or Hulu, but Prime videos stream without any issues, even the HD ones.  I sideloaded XBMC and I'm enjoying my video and music collection from my NAS, even 1080p movies.  I have access to my Amazon music files, plus playlists provided by Amazon for free. There's a cool Shutterfly app that allows you to see all your albums directly from your online account. Pandora, IHeart radio, etc. And I'm sure many more apps will be available pretty soonThe stick runs a little bit warm, but that doesn't seem to affect performance.The user interface is "Amazon heavy", but what do you expect?I pre-ordered it for $20, so it was a no brainer, but if I needed another one now, would not hesitate to buy it for $40.Again, great product if you know what you'll get from it.
Great little device. Because it includes Amazon Instant Video and supports mirroring I'd say it's much better than the Chromecast I bought and returned 2 weeks later.The Fire TV Stick lost one star because it still doesn't do anything an Xbox 360 or a PS3 doesn't already do. If you have one of those, you really don't need any of these Roku, Fire TV, Apple TV or Chromecast devices.It lost the second star because it's a little too complicated for the over 50 crowd. We bought two of these, one for my parents and one for my wife's parents and while I wouldn't qualify it as difficult to use, it's a little too hard for both of our families. Both families have had computers since the mid 1990s and currently own laptops, smart phones and tablets. Wifi setup is about as easy as it can get, but, still a little too hard.How to Setup of the Fire TV Stick with your ParentsStep 1Plug the stick into an HDMI port and plug the stick into the wall for power.You're best off just taking care of this one yourself. While you plug it in your dad will likely go over and have a seat on the couch. As soon as you plug it in, don't be surprised if the TV inexplicably turns itself off. As your dad accuses you of unplugging something just think to yourself "That's strange..." You're already right next to the TV. Your best bet is to just turn it back on without argument.Step 2Now you've got to get the TV to the correct input.Be prepared to spend approximately 5 minutes explaining the cable box remote doesn't change inputs on the TV, neither does the remote for the stereo, nor do keyfobs for old Toyotas. We all know the cable remote actually does change inputs but remember, you've got to press the TV button and then press a small poorly labeled multipurpose button and then you'd have to press the Cable button to get the thing functioning for the cable box again. You're surely better off just using the TV remote. Next you'll need to find the TV remote control. Remember when the TV oddly turned itself off? Turns out your remote was under the couch cushion your dad was sitting on. Now explain "source" means the same thing as "input". To complete this step explain we have to cycle through two or three screens before we see the Amazon logo pop up on the screen. Reassure your family, yes, you will have to go through all of these screens every time you want to use the thing.Step 3Amazon Start ScreenClick "Start"The video will show all of the fantastic things the Fire TV Stick can do and how amazing it is with Amazon Prime. Unfortunately, your parents will get bored and begin an unrelated conversation within seconds of the beginning of the video. Even though you, the only person that doesn't need to watch the promo video of what it can do, are the only person paying attention, sit back and relax. Step 4 will require your extreme patience.Step 4Log on to your wifiBe prepared to take about an hour on this step. Before beginning this step please understand that finding the password to your router is a complicated task and you will likely try between 3 and 5 different passwords before finding the correct code. Remember, passwords are the only thing keeping your wireless network safe and it's important your parents have used a jumble of 20 some character alpha numeric codes that don't mean anything to anyone for ultimate security. These seemingly pointlessly complicated codes make the jobs of would-be hackers somewhat more difficult. As you carefully point-and-click your way through these passwords, bear in mind your folks are mildly safer from their neighbors monitoring their 40 thieves solitaire and hearts games because of their diligence in carefully crafting their passwords. During this step your family will require a great deal of reassurance after each failed password attempt. Please anticipate spending several minutes reassuring family that it will indeed work and it's not broken. Our testers have found statements such as "The Fire TV Stick is working perfectly! This screen is telling us that your router didn't accept that password either!" work equally well if screamed at a high pitch or mumbled under ones breath.Step 5Create an Amazon AccountYou'll need an Amazon account to make use of this device. Please spend the next 2 hours telling your father that his credit card information is safer on Amazon than it is when the bill gets paid by mail. Facts about sending a piece of paper with your bank account number and routing number to your checking account along with the credit card number tend have special impact.Step 6Explore your contentHand the Amazon remote to your father. Because you've also paid for Amazon Prime as part of the gift you should have already scrolled to the Amazon Prime heading. As your father immediately attempts to exit Amazon Prime to get to Netflix explain all of the benefits to Amazon Prime, to which you have purchased a membership for him, compared to Netflix, to which you have not purchased a membership. Please do this again for Hulu Plus. Next, explain ESPN will not have free access to all of the football games that are not in your area. Finally reassure your family, yes, essentially the only "free" content is the Amazon Prime library of over 4,000 titles. You should probably not mention that "free" content cost you a hundred dollars a year or you'll have to entertain a conversation about "How is this better than cable?"
I bought this device when Amazon offered at $19, so I decided to give it a try before any reviews.. So far it has been great.Pros:- a lot of reviews (and Amazon for that matter) say it will not work through a AV receiver. Well, mine is working. I connected it through one of the HDMI on my Sony STR-DH820 and works perfectly.- Much easier and smoother to run amazon prime videos from this device than on an app I have on my blu-ray player.- no lost connection with my Wi-Fi.- pretty decent video quality on some videos/movies I have watched so far.- Small. Get hidden behind my AV receiver.- nice remote- All prime features (video, music, photo, etc.)- I uploaded some photos on my PC and shared it through this device on the TV. Awesome feature. No more gathering around a PC monitor to see the latest vacation photos..Cons:- Still missing some apps, but I am sure Amazon will make more available in the future. Waiting to have HBO GO. Today I watch it through a PC connected to the AV receiver..- Not exactly miracast for Android devices in my point of view. With my phone I can mirror my display to the TV, but it is a mirroring effect. If I am playing a video the phone and its display must be turned on for the duration of the video. This is a different experience from google chromecast with any android device, where, in my understanding, you kind send the link and the device takes care from that point on.. This is why not five stars. And it drops the connections from time to time.- The "cast" effect doesn't (understandably) works with iphones or ipads.And last comment: In my opinion, this is a great device if you are an Amazon prime customer. This is how you can take the most from it. If you are not, maybe a Roku, for example, could be a better option.
I'm so disappointed! Let me start by saying I own an original google TV device, the somewhat new ROKU Stick and now the Fire TV Stick.My comment is very similar to J. Scherrer. I received my device before the holidays to my great delight but I did not open it until after because I already own a ROKU Stick "WHICH I ABSOLUTELY LOVE!" I wanted to try the fire TV stick to compare it and use on a secondary TV within my home.I initially plugged it in powered by the USB and I got an "unsupported device" screen marred in BLUE and GREEN vertical bars! I instantly thought that the USB power was not enough so I unplugged the USB power and used the power adapter, but alas I got the same result. The image was under a blanket of blue and green. This time however I let the stick go through its paces.Under the blanket of blue and green I could see the Fire TV logo so I logged onto my WiFi, the stick did an automatic update and went through its welcome screen. Clearly this was an output issue or so I thought. After about 30 mins of frustration and going through update and resetting cycles I was about to give up until I decided to try it with another television, and BOMB! Picture perfect! You would think this would make me happy but I was actually more annoyed! This is was not just an older and smaller TV but the same manufacturer! Why would the device work with an older model and not the newer one? I have no clue. Both of my TVs are PHILIPS.In any case I decided to call customer service to seek a replacement device in hopes that the device was truly defective. Short version it wasn't. The replacement device came and I've had the same result. I obviously don't know the tech details behind why the stick won't work with the newer TV but that's for amazon to figure out! I'm going to send back the replacement device and hold on to the original one. I got it at the intro $19 and it works on one of the TV's so I guess that's ok considering I paid half the price.My advice to shoppers:If you want a tried and true device, buy a ROKU. They are GREAT!My advice to AMAZON:Please work out the bugs before bringing the product to market.
Pros:Easy to setup...check. Took longer to enter my wifi security then setting it up. Walks you through the setup once connected very simply.Nice interface..check. Especially with the free Android apps for remote with Voice search. also a much better Netflix interface than I have on my TV and BluRay player.Selection on Prime...good. Makes nice balance between Netflix and Prime. Being able to rent streamable movies is definitely  nice plus over NetflixCaveat,:Takes a lot of your bandwidth. When I called support, they recommended I bump up my speed with my ISP, which is 12 Mbps already.You will need a power outlet to use. I knew this, but for folk with a wall mounted TV, good to know.Cons:After watching for a few hours, I consistently get  message that there's no internet. Having been a net admin, I know what to check, and the stick is the only thing in my network that an't connect to wifi. I'm currently running a 2.5Ghz 11N network. Support recommended a 5ghz network, which I'm going to try out with some spare  equipment, segregating the stick to the 5ghz spectrum, but that'll be later this week. Support aid they'd call back after they walked me through resetting the stick (it was pre-configured when I got it) to see of it helped with the dropouts, but it and they didn't. To get the internet  back, I have to unplug the power to the stick, wait a few seconds and plug back in. Doing nothing too the network, it connects right back up. i'm wondering if it's a memory issue or hardware. The TV is a three year old Samsung, and haven't had problem with it on any other plugins, Internet's stable, and have had zero issues with connections or speed at all. and Prime video works flawless;y on all our pcs.If the network drops can get resolved, I'll bump the rating up to a 5 star as that's the only real problem I have with it. Everything else about the product is incredible.
I was anxious to receive this little device over christmas and sadly I found it underwhelming. I have numerous types of streaming devices around the house (Roku's, Chromecast, AppleTV) Compared to the Chromecast if found it restrictive and lacking methods to access much of my online content. For example, I have MANY movies that are in Ultraviolet that can be accessed by apps like VUDU and Flixster that are not available (or do not have streaming functionality) on this stick. With the Chromecast you just have to have the apps on the mobile device or use the Chrome Browser on MAC or PC and you are off to the races.My kids (the primary consumer of TV) found the navigation easier than Roku but they preferred the way Chromecast worked b/c they didn't have to learn a new interface on a new system. They just used their tablets or computers like they normally do and then "Cast" the video/songs/webpage to the TV.Another annoyance is having to have YAR (Yet another remote). I feel like between my sound bar/TV/Blue-Ray/Electric Fan I need to have a table dedicated to holding remotes.Even with these IMHO sub par features compared to the Chromecast, I still found the FireTV stick easy to use. I liked the broad selection of games (though my children still prefer to play them on the tablets). I also found the remote easy to use.As it compares to AppleTV.. well it's almost apples to oranges. Amazon is more closely linked to the Android and Amazon ecosystem and AppleTV is obviously linked to that ecosystem. Depending on where your content is. One obvious difference is AppleTV does not have any Gaming capability. Like the Chromecast, my kids found the AppleTV easier to use in many cases.I can see this stick gaining in utility and I can see them wiping out the Roku market if Amazon continues to invest in the product. I still feel like the Chromecast will always be the best stick out there mainly b/c it's so simple my 5 year old can use it.Once VUDU or another method for access Ultraviolet content is added, I may find the device more useful in the future but until this feature is added, this stick will likely rarely get used.
My original review was One star because of...I want to like it, and it seemed good in my limited use when it worked, but it hasn't been worth the horse S time dealing with it. I got one, did the power-cycling on all devices (Fire Stick, Modem, Router); didn't work. Did tech support, and nothing. Chalked it up as a lemon. Returned, got another and same WIFI connection problems. Everything is "Currently Unavailable" or I am "Connected with problems".No issue on my laptops (2), PS3, iPhone, iPod, Galaxy Tab, Sony Smart Blu-Ray player or any other number of devices that have connected with my network along the way.Even if it is MY network/router, it SHOULDN'T be - as in, the device should be able to operate just as any of the other devices HAVE and DO.Pretty disappointing, to be honest. I love Amazon's services, but their devices have been misses (Kindle Fire and now this) with me.Lack of stock, currently, and at this point, I would just wait for a second generation.*** Update 1/16/2015I took a few nights and forgot about my headache with the unit. I had the opportunity to take the unit to my Uncle's house and signed in without issue there. In saying that, I was able to update the software there, came home, plugged it in after another hard reset of my router (which I did originally, as well), and it WORKED! I like it a lot now that it is functional. Fast, good response, good picture, the sound is a little low but fine, and the apps thus far seem good/great. The addition of Amazon music and photo viewer capabilities, is awesome as well! I do enjoy the product now that it works, and if it wasn't for the HEADACHES, I would LOVE it.
If you are someone with a visual or other disability, I'm afraid this product is more than likely not for you. First of all, unlike the Apple TV, which has the Voiceover feature, which works much like the one on the I Phone ,  the Fire Stick does not. That doesn't  mean you absolutely won't be able to use it, but bear in mind, it may be much harder, especially when first setting it up, because you'll need someone with you who can read the screen and imput the network and other introductory information to start using it. This unit is supposed to be capable of being controlled with the Amazon Fire Remote Ap, which has only been available on I O S  for less than a month. The problem I ran in to was for what ever reason, I wasn't able to pair the phone with the device. You may want to consult others who don't see well , if they've reviewed this product before you buy, because it is possible Amazon may have worked out the bugs already, but since I've ended up returning mine, I can't honestly say. The other issue I O S users face is if you have trouble with the Ap, you will have to call Apple instead of Amazon, and speak to their customer service team, and they do a good job and will spend lots of time with you. Amazon's customer service team as far as I could tell only was able to help with Androyd Aps bought on Amazon's Ap store, its kind of an inconvenience, but worth knowing in advance. I'm sure it works well, if you're able to see well enough to use it, and it is possible that within the Androyd platform there are aps that may let those with any disability use it easily enough. It is very compact and discreetly fits on the back of your TV, and the remote is simple enough. I must say though, I'm not sure how durable it will be, because it seems construction wise rather fragile, and with a regular price of $39, though sugnificantly less than the Apple TV, it seems like it should be possible to make something compact, but still able to with stand, being accidently dropped, or even lightly stepped on. I don't think the fire stick fits those criteria and therefore I believe it earns a low rating.
I bought it when it was on super sale during pre-ordering.  I didn't need it because I already have a DVD player that gives me all of these same functions, but it seemed like a cool thing to try and to be able to move around because it's so portable.  It's so easy, and the app for my tablet is so fun to use that I go to this instead of the DVD player to get to my Netflix and Prime viewing.  For as often as I actually watch dvds on my 2nd tv, I'd probably go with the stick if I had neither.The only thing is that this does need power if you don't have a USB connection available on your tv for it to draw power from.  I'm not sure if powered USB ports are standard on tvs or not, so I thought I'd point that out.  I'd set it up first using my HDMI 2 port because I had an antenna set up through HDMI 1.  I couldn't put the power cord into it in that position, so I used the adapter to connect to the port, and the stick dangled off of it but didn't seem to be stressed in any way where I thought it'd shake loose over time.  Then I plugged the adapter into a power strip that was already behind the tv and powering the tv anyway, so no biggie.  My husband saw this and said I could use the USB port if it was powered.  He switched it for me, and we still select HDMI 2 but still reads the USB port.  I don't know how that works itself out, but it does.  So I put my power adapter away and now have just the stick attached.There isn't an off button on the menu, so I'm not sure if it goes into sleep mode or shuts off when HDMI 2 is not selected.  It seems to boot up just fine when I need it, and I do need to press the circle button to activate it when I switch over after watching some tv.When I first tried to connect the app on my tablet to the stick, it didn't read it.  I'm not sure why, but I came back to it after moving my tv to a different wall, and everything synced up just fine.  Maybe it was an internet thing where one or the other wasn't connecting very stable to the wifi.  The app also has a voice feature, so I can just tell it what to look for, and it does the work.  No typing!  I can also use the "regular" keyboard feature on it so there's no awkward onscreen keypad to work through with arrows.
Historically I have been a Roku girl so I was a bit skeptical but decided to give this a try. Couldn't hurt, the price was right and you get pretty much all the same stuff. Plus, my HDMI cable didn't seem to be working so the Roku I have in my room is on SD right now. (First world problems right?)When I got the stick it was easy to set up (though it would have been nice to know from the get go - AKA before I purchased it - that it runs best plugged into an outlet) and worked straight away with out any issues. I got logged into my Netflix, Amazon account, Pandora, and set up some of my favorite apps. Watched a few shows and went to bed.The second time I tried to use it, there was an issue with the Fire Stick saying it couldn't connect to the wireless. I had my computer in the same room, and my phone, both connected to the wireless network so I was confused. It said it was scanning for available networks but never gave me a list. For about two days this went on  (I switched back to watching stuff on the Roku during this time - which was still connected to the wireless without any problems) and it finally gave me a list of networks to try to log into. I found my home network and tried repeatedly to log in without success. At a loss, I unplugged the Fire TV Stick from all of its connections (wall plug, micro USB, HDMI extender, etc.) gave it a few seconds and then plugged it back in. It seemed to have reset and logged back into the wireless without any problems.I have been using it since then without issues and have had no other connectivity problems. I love the HDMI quality and the ease of navigation. I've had some problems with the remote but it's mostly user error and me trying to learn a new system.I can't say which I prefer (Roku vs Fire). Obviously this version of the Fire TV is cheaper, which is a huge perk, but I've been using Roku for years so I think I'm still a littler partial. Also, I really like the fact that there are less wires with the Fire TV. For now, when it comes to choosing between the two, the verdict is still out, but overall I'd certainly recommend it!
Let's just get this out of the way. This device is cheap. I got it for even cheaper at $19. So I didn't expect it to perform as well as its bigger brother, the Fire TV player. However, it still managed to disappoint.Here's what I like about it:1. It's cheap.2. It's a stand-alone device, unlike the Chromecast. Comes with a remote so you can just set it up once (for your parents) and be done with it.3. Supports 5ghz Wifi. This is great for Plex and streaming high-bitrate videos, which is basically what I use it for. So yeah, works great!4. Supports most major streaming apps like Netflix, Hulu, WatchESPN, Pandora etc.5. You can sideload even more apps and games on it, relatively easily.6. Looks nicer than the Chromecast.7. Amazon Prime Videos!Here's what I absolutely hate about it:-1. It's so sloooow. You get what you pay for.-2. The interface. I hate it. Not confusing, but so much unnecessary crap on screen. Can't I just hide whatever I don't want to see? Why isn't there a FAV section?-3. The remote feels cheap. Is cheap. You can buy the better one that comes with the Fire TV, but then might as well buy the player.-4. Smartphone remote app works half the time, if it loads.-5. USB (power) port is on the side. Who made this stupid decision??? If your TV is like mine, it'll have HDMI ports right next to each other. I had to rearrange my devices just so I can plug in the USB cable.-6. No HBO Go, for now.Conclusion? Buy this if it's on sale. Otherwise, go with a Roku (if you need standalone) or Chromecast.
The Kindle Fire TV Stick is a perfect choice for Amazon Prime fans who like the small size, WiFi connection, and remote control.I'll just right to the..."who should buy this":1. Amazon Prime Members - you can buy it even if you don't use Amazon, but you get the full advantage of this unit if you have Prime membership.2. Those that want to add streaming to a TV and not have to control the device with a smart phone or tablet.3. Those that want to connect by WiFi (don't have direct network connection) and don't plan heavy streaming usage.The complementary list of "who should NOT by the Fire Stick":1. Heavy Goolge or Apple users that want a more seamless connection to those platforms.2. Users that can make a direct Ethernet connection to the streaming device and don't mind a larger device size.3. Users that plan heavy streaming of HD content, voice control, gaming, etc.The Fire Stick falls in between the other sticks like Chromecast and Roku and the "set top" boxes like Fire Player, Roku 3, etc.The advantages to the Chromecast are simply price and Google integration, the Fire TV stick will beat it with the added remote control, better processing, and added apps and streaming access.  The Fire TV Stick is limited by the WiFi only connection and moderate processing capability.  If you can make a direct network connection to your streaming device and don't mind the larger size of a Fire Player, Roku 3, etc. then those players will give you expanded options and reliable streaming connection above and beyond this Fire Stick.  The Fire TV Stick is positioned with great value...it is likely the best performance for the dollar you can buy right now.  It does allow some expansion by adding gaming and voice control remotes, but be warned that adding those extras will push the price up to the point that you could have purchased a set top unit with more features from the start.It is a great option for use with a "spare TV" such as in a kids play room, bedroom, kitchen, etc.  The benefits of the larger set top boxes are significant if this is going to be your main or only device and it is likely worth the extra $ to go with the Fire TV box or similar player.I have used the Fire TV Stick on a TV in our kids play room.  It is very handy in that application for three main reasons: 1) The size lets it direct mount to the TV with no shelf space required or wires hanging. 2) The remote allows the kids to operate the player without a phone or tablet. 3) Amazon prime movies are directly available where they would not be on Chromecast, etc.There are no issues with streaming speed for basic services, and the remote is very high quality and response time is great.  My WiFi reception is strong, but be warned...there is no antenna and this small device could easily be signal blocked depending on how it plugs into the TV (use the included HDMI extender if that happens).Conclusions:If you were about to purchase a Roku Stick, then go with this Fire TV Stick instead.If you were about to purchase a Chromecast and you are an Amazon Prime member or just want a remote, then buy this stick instead.If you think you want a full featured box like the Fire TV or Roku 3, then you should really consider your needs...this stick could fall short if it is your main player.The price is amazing for the technology and quality packed in this stick!
Got it a great price and I am enjoying it.  I have it on my bedroom TV with no cable box.  Who needs to spend an extra $8 a month when you can get this device.  I had chrome on that TV, but this works much better with less buffering.  I have Uverse in my home and this device works perfectly.  The remote is great.  It what makes it 1 star better than chrome.  I feel it's the best wireless device on the market right now.  Very happy with the purchase.  I hope it grows as my favorite device, the Roku 3.  While I love wireless devices, plugging with an Ethernet cord is still the best way to go.  Especially with ultra HD, 1080p, and 4k content.Update:  7/30/2015I have to say this is a good device.  Quality of picture is excellent.  Remote works well.  I made a comment about Ethernet was the way to go.  I have Uverse 24-MBPS service and this device has only buffered once or twice in the year I have owned it.  Otherwise, it works flawlessly with WiFi.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND the FIRE Stick.  One gripe:  The user interface isn't great.  It could be more user friendly, like the ROKU 3.  Roku is much cleaner and just has a better APP screen.  I'm sure Amazon will one day update the welcome screen and clean it up a bit.  Once you get used to it, it is OK.  I see more apps on the device and while the ROKU 3 is maybe a tad better, I would buy this again if needed.  It will be about price.  When on sale this is a no brainier, buy it.  Oh and this works on the road with most hotel wi-fi systems.  Speed can be an issue at some hotels, but a great plus.  Chrome and Roku stick don't work a many hotels, because of hotel wifi log-in procedures.  Amazon Stick works.
Like others leaving reviews, I too was fortunate enough to grab a Fire TV Stick during the 2-day Amazon sale for $19.  I didn't have high expectations to be honest, as I thought "Well, another HDMI dongle on the market" -- but for $19 I figured why not, let's give it a shot.  And I just have to say, wow was I wrong with those low expectations!Let me explain...I cut the cable/satellite subscription long ago, and my setup has been this for the past few years - A Chromecast, a Roku 2 XS (Primarily for Netflix/Pandora), and a dedicated Zotac ZBOX-AD04 running XBMC/Kodi (OpenELEC) to play local media.I've been using XBMC for over 10yrs, since it was originally released for the first Xbox, and I've grown to absolutely love it.  I've tried all the variants - Plex, Boxee (yeah, good old Boxee... is that on the Samsung TV's yet after the acquisition?), etc.. But in my opinion, nothing holds up to the XBMC experience.  I don't love the Netflix implementation on XBMC, but that's about the only thing that I don't love about the platform.I hadn't done much research on the Fire TV devices, so much to my delight when I discovered that these things are Android under the hood, and that you can sideload basically any Apk file onto them without much fuss.So a little bit of Googling, and a couple YouTube videos later and voila, I had a fully functional XBMC installation directly on my fire stick.  The beauty here too is, absolutely no tinkering needed with hardware -- no network issues, no audio issues, no remote issues, etc.. I'm assuming that since XBMC is simply an App on top of an already-configured OS with working hardware, this is why it all "just works".The only thing I did have to do was push 3 files over to the device -- advancedsettings.xml, passwords.xml, and sources.xml  I pulled these directly off my Zotac box, with zero modifications done.  Now my Fire TV XBMC fully sees my network shares, connects to my MySQL database, and saves the user credentials to authenticate to the network.I can honestly say, this $20 device can truly be considered a direct replacement for ALL THREE of my previous devices (Chromecast, ZBOX, Roku).  For my viewing habits, the XBMC user experience is exactly the same on this device as it had been on the $250 dedicated ZBOX with 8gb of memory.  Your experience may vary here if you love streaming gigantic HD files to your device, but I have yet to see a network buffering issue or a hiccup on this thing.I'm going to give it a little bit longer just to make sure, but I'm pretty sure I'll have a Chromecast, Roku & Zbox selling on eBay shortly :)
I purchased the Fire TV Stick when it was about half priced for Prime members.  I figured for the price point it was worth checking out.  I've been an Apple TV user since the very first model came out and I've had several Blu-Ray players (including a PS3) that all have has some mix of online services include Amazon Prime.  Honestly I didn't know quite what to expect.When the box arrived it came in typical Amazon minimal packaging.  So it was very easy to open the box, and everything was neatly arranged inside.  There was a small power brick, a good quality USB cable, the Fire Stick, a small HDMI extension cable, a remote control, and some batteries.  Everything you need to get going.At first I didn't think I'd need that HDMI extension cable, but I quickly realized that I did in fact need it.  The power connection for the Fire Stick is on its side, not on the end.  So if you are trying to put it next to existing cables you really can't plug in the USB power cable without the HDMI extension.After plopping in the batteries, connecting up the stick, and turning on the TV I found myself locked into a tutorial I couldn't exit out of.  Ok, they really wanted me to see it.  That's probably ok since this is my first Fire TV device, but if I had to go through that on multiple devices I might get annoyed.Setup of the device was actually very straight forward.  I don't even feel like I need to tell you the steps because they walk you through every part of it that you need to do with on-screen prompts.The remote works pretty well, I think it's bluetooth so it works even when the stick is completely out of sight.  That's actually very handy, but this also means you cannot train a standard universal remote to control the stick like you can with an Apple TV.  Not really a feature I need, but it's good to note the limitation for those who do like to use a universal remote for everything.I use an automatic HDMI switch.  The Blu-Ray player is in position 1, my Apple TV was in position 3, and I had attached the Fire Stick to position 2.  Normally this HDMI switch gives priority to the lowest number position that is currently pushing a signal.  It's worked quite nicely with the Apple TV and the Blu-Ray player like this for a while.  However when I put the Fire Stick into this arrangement I quickly found out that even when you tell the stick to sleep it is still pushing an active signal along the HDMI output.  My switch never defaulted back to the Apple TV.  So I had to switch the Apple TV to position 2 and the Fire Stick to position 3.  I know that when I tell the Apple TV to sleep it actually disconnects from HDMI so the switch can find the Fire Stick.  So that's a minor annoyance to me.  But, one which I got to work out pretty easily.Picture quality has been quite good, and I've streamed a bit of my Amazon music collection through the device with good results.  The Prime movie and TV service comes through quite well and the interface overall is pretty straight forward and intuitive.I haven't really found any compelling apps or games to install/run/play on the device.  And, the few games that held any interest for me all seemed to require the Fire TV game controller which I don't have.  I've hunted a bit looking for any sort of functionality to use the device as a DNLA client, but there again doesn't appear to be any native functionality for this or apps that legitimately fill this roll.  Several come up when you search for DNLA, but after reading comments on them I invariably find out that people bought them only to find the app didn't actually handle DNLA.So without DNLA functionality it largely is comparable to a current generation Apple TV only smaller.  Where Apple TV locks you into the Apple ecosystem for content the Fire Stick simply locks you into the Amazon ecosystem for content.  Since I have some content in both I find both devices about equal for my needs.  The one thing I do like about the Fire Stick is that there is potential for third party apps to be installed.  I don't know yet what, if anything, that will bring to my media experience but the potential is there for some developer to fill.The Fire Stick does have a much better price point than the Apple TV.  So if your primary need is a simple streaming media device and you're willing to have that content all come from the Amazon cloud then this is probably a very compelling device.  The one area it falls behind for me is in the local content streaming capability.  The Apple TV at least can stream content that I've manually managed in iTunes on my local network.  For the moment there does not appear to be a similar capability for the Fire Stick.  I don't do this a ton, but it has been very helpful to me over the years.
Preface:  I've had two Chromecast sticks for about a year and love them, so take that into account, and note that some of the below is a comparison to the Chromecast in real, actual use rather than what the marketing materials say.Fire TV Stick packaging is fine, but Google's Chromecast is better.  This is terribly nit-picky since you'll be throwing it away anyhow.Out of the box, the Fire TV Stick is pre-programmed for your account, so if you get or give this as a gift there will be some extra work to undo that configuration.  Configuring the wireless networking is fairly easy to do, even for mine which has a non-broadcasting SSID and cryptic password.The Google Chromecast needs separate power all the time, but the Amazon Fire TV Stick can operate (or so it is claimed) with just a USB connection.  Out of the box, I attempted to validate this assertion and crashed right into the first wall:  the first thing it wanted to do is a firmware update, and that update failed repeatedly until I plugged it into AC power.  So while it may 'work' with USB-only... it definitely does so a lot slower and probably won't be near as usable.  YMMV.The Fire TV Stick wins usability points for including an RF remote... but the buttons on the Fire TV Stick remote are REALLY LOUD and annoying.  TBD how long it will last -- noisy switches and buttons do tend to last longer, though, so maybe that was an intentional design decision.The Fire TV Stick quickly found my Amazon Music collection (all the stuff I'd uploaded years ago) and correctly presented it for listening, by artist, album and a few other sorting methods.  Switching between tracks and artists is quite painless with the remote (but again, noisy clicky).  Music plays while doing other things, such as looking at pictures or surfing for a movie to watch via Amazon Prime Video.  However, on many occasions the audio was broken up, dropped out, or made funky blargh noises -- I suspect this is the back-end Android stuff chewing on other things and not giving the audio workload enough horsepower, but no matter, it's kind of aggravating.  Some of the between-track transitions also had an annoying buzz or bleep sound, which isn't in the actual content (I still have local copies).  Don't plan on doing too much multitasking on this thing, but for things like Pandora where you just start it up and walk away, it will be fine.A few weeks before getting the Fire TV Stick, I uploaded about 30,000 pictures to the Amazon Cloud Drive (once Amazon announced it was free to do so) as a fourth-level backup.  The Amazon Fire TV Stick found all of those pictures, which was nice.  But in practice, the collection is so large, it's effectively inaccessible via the Fire TV Stick.  Except for small directories, it's impractical to actually use this device to view or show pictures at all -- they just refuse to display or take long periods of time to show the list/catalog/thumbnails.  For reference, I have very-fast Internets (>50Mbits down), so the connection itself is not the limiting factor.  It's unclear whether this is a limitation of the Fire TV Stick itself, or the speed of the Amazon Cloud Drive serving the info back down.  Either way, it was quite disappointing as I was looking forward to being able to show pictures on my larger TVs.For watching video, the Fire TV Stick is a closer analog to the Roku devices than the Google Chromecast, in that you have to install "apps" on the Fire TV Stick in order to support the various platforms and services (Hulu, Netflix, Qello, etc.).  So you'll spend 10-20 minutes installing those apps and configuring them as necessary.  The Google Chromecast is a bit simpler in that you just use your Android or IOS device to "cast" content to the Chromecast from, say, the NetFlix app.  From the Netflix or Hulu or Pandora apps (and others), you can choose which "target" on your network to send the content to.  This latter part is actually VERY useful because you can "cast" that content from somewhere else in the house.  The kids want to watch Barney upstairs?  You don't even have to get out of your La-Z-Boy chair to make it happen!  With the Amazon Fire TV Stick, you'll need to be in that room to navigate the menus on the TV with the clicky remote to get stuff going.  (To be fair, the Fire TV Stick also shows up as a 'target' device, so while I haven't tested it, conceivably you may be able to do the same thing here.)The Amazon Fire TV Stick offers games as well (it's an Android device after all), and we played a few.  Breakout-style games will be fine with the included remote, but anything else will definitely require another $40-ish purchase for the gaming controller.  If you're looking at this for games also, you should probably read other reviewers' comments in this area, as that's not even my tertiary use case for this.For you uber-geeks, there are actually options hidden in here to sideload content and even make the Fire TV Stick accessible to ADB, which is kind of fun to see.PROS:  Tangible remote, pre-configured out of the box (sort of), small form factor, could possibly be taken on the road (though navigating around most hotels' firewalls will be problematic for most people), good smattering of different types of apps for content.  Menus are fairly well designed and easy to navigate, even in the dark.  Remote only has a handful of buttons, so it's hard to mess that up.  Parental controls are very nice to have.  (The Chromecast, by design, doesn't need parental controls in-device, as they're handled by the apps that are "casting" content.)CONS:  You will still need AC power despite the marketing spin; the remote is annoyingly loud; large photo collections in the cloud are practically unusable; navigating Amazon's video offerings for content you actually want to watch is painful; and finding video that is free with Amazon Prime is hit-or-miss (there's no "show me only the stuff I can watch for free right now" option), and will require logging in via a real web browser to add stuff to your Watchlist; there is no LED on the Amazon Fire TV Stick to indicate that it's on, functional, connected to the network, nothing .... so if you have a problem you'll have to resort to the "have you tried turning it off and on again?" routine -- the Chromecast has a useful LED indicator to indicate power/network.  Parental controls for playback need more tweaking  -- having it display on the TV the actual PIN code entry means the kids can see it unless you bury their faces in the couch first.In summary, once it's installed and configured, you'll definitely use it, but it really feels like a pre-release product with some rough edges.  It tries to do too many things in an acceptable way rather than a handful of things in a glorious way.  For the price, you absolutely can't complain, though, so I still give it 4 stars.All those gory details boil down to this:If your prime use case is Netflix and Hulu and you don't care about games or other apps, the Google Chromecast offers a better experience all-around.  The ever-changing (and quite beautiful) photo backgrounds on the Chromecast are also a nice touch -- I have a plasma TV and burn-in is a real concern for me, while the other 99% of you with LED/LCD screens don't need to care.If you really want everything and the kitchen sink in one place and don't mind having to stand in front of the TV to make the magic happen, and can live with riding the Amazon ecosystem (though certainly nowhere near as much bondage and handcuffs as the Apple ecosystem!), the Fire TV Stick will do nicely.
The Fire TV Stick is a media streaming device. It displays videos on a television or other display device in resolutions up to full 1080p High Definition and delivers sound with Dolby Digital Plus for speaker configurations up to 7.1. It does not support newer standards like Ultra HD (4K), Dolby Atmos, or HDMI 2.0.Two AAA batteries for the remote control are included, as is an HDMI extender in case the stick is too wide to fit in the HDMI port on whichever display device is to be used. This same concern for space problems did not extend to the included AC power adapter which is a 1.5 by 1.5 by .75 inch plastic box with retractable blades protruding from the very center. Plugging it into a standard power strip wasted three outlets.The power adapter connects to the stick using a standard USB-A to USB-micro cable, so theoretically it could be connected to a convenient USB port instead of using the inconvenient adapter, but the manual states that for best performance the adapter should be used.The Stick is very well packaged with each piece either in a form-fitted plastic tray or neatly separated by cardboard dividers. Clear plastic film is wrapped around all of the major components, which took quite a while to meticulously peel off. This kind of packaging assures that the device will arrive in mint condition.Setup is simple -- install the batteries in the remote, plug the Stick into the TV or whatever display device will be used, connect the AC adapter into the Stick, and follow the instructions on the screen. Normally a stone-cold simple task, but it took three tries to connect to my WiFi router. There was no error message to indicate why the connection failed the first two times.Once connected, the WiFi is very stable and fast, supporting dual band wireless "n" and all previous protocols. The current wireless "ac" protocol that is in common use is not supported but will hopefully be a future upgrade. And, since it is automatically registered to the Amazon account that purchases the device, any video or audio content previously bought is displayed for immediate use. Once setup is complete, the Home menu is displayed on the screen.A voice search option is available using the free mobile app. I found this easier to use than trying to initiate a search with the included remote control because it is tedious to type one character at a time to create a search phrase. To do this, once the Home menu is displayed, start the mobile app; select the Fire Stick and type in the four digit number displayed on the TV screen.A voice search can be started from the mobile device by dragging the displayed microphone icon down from the center top edge until it displays "listening", then holding that position while speaking a search term or phrase like an actor's name, movie or television show title, etc.The Stick's version of what was said will appear in a box on the television screen, and either a list or the selection will appear. From there, the search can be initiated by making a selection and tapping the mobile device screen. The search can be narrowed to only Prime choices by saying "Prime Only" before the search term or phrase.Regardless of the method used, search results are structured with closest matches at the left with less exact matches appearing to the right. For example, a search for "Godzilla" included "Maleficent" further to the right.In addition to the voice search, this free app encompasses all of the other features of the remote, although I found the "touch pad" interface is erratic making it difficult to navigate effectively. Simply paging through a list of movies returned by the search was needlessly cumbersome and wasted a lot of time.The Fire TV Stick plays three kinds of video/audio material including streaming Amazon's live content, digital content stored on the cloud purchased from Amazon, and material from external sources such as mobile devices or apps available from the Amazon App store such as NetFlix, Vevo, HuluPlus, HBO GO, Watch ESPN, MLB.com Premium, etc.Game apps can be downloaded, many for free, but it is not much fun playing most games with the remote control or the Fire TV remote app on a mobile device. Amazon sells a wireless game controller which may improve the experience but I have not tried it.Another capability of the Stick is that it can connect to a PC monitor with an HDMI input and a sound output so videos and music can be played without turning on the PC utilizing the equipment like a separate home entertainment center. I was impressed with video and sound quality.The Fire TV Stick is fast and convenient to use, easy to install and has future potential since Amazon appears to be interested in adding content and apps.
I am enjoying the Fire TV Stick but there are 2 significant drawbacks to this product.  First the good points:  it is easy to install and start up and fairly easy to navigate. The compatible phone apps make voice searching possible if not always easy.  I did not realize the Stick needs to be plugged into to a household outlet to operate so make sure you have a spare outlet near your TV.I did not rate the Fire TV Stick 5 stars and changed my original 4-star rating to 3 stars  because of issues related to searching, convenience and equity.These are:(1) it is not at all easy to identify "Prime Instant" content, that is, content for which Prime members do not pay an additional charge; and(2) my Fire Stick "Video Library" does NOT include digital versions of the many, many movies on DVD I have purchased from Amazon over the years.As to (1), searching for Prime content -- it would be a much more user friendly software if you could search EASILY for ONLY Prime Instant content.  As a Prime member, you would then have in one place all content for which there is not an additional charge because the cost is included in your Prime membership. I contacted Amazon about this and was advised to use voice searching for this purpose but that requires adding an app and it is not a user friendly method.As to (2), absence of purchased items from video library -- if I want to watch  a movie which is NOT included in the Prime Instant Video catalog available to me as a Prime member, that is, for which there is not an additional charge, I have to pay for the movie EVEN IF just last week I purchased the movie on DVD from Amazon.  I know I can always dig out and pop in the DVD (if the other family members returned it to its case) but wouldn't it be nice to chuck the DVD player and access ALL your content through Fire TV?  When I have purchased software on CDs from Amazon in the past I believe I have subsequently been able to access a digital version of that same software.So, Fire TV Stick does not really address all my content consolidation needs unless I want to pay twice for the same movie.  Fix this and the Prime Instant search capability and Fire TV Stick easily becomes a 5 star purchase.
If your like me, and half the population of the united states, you are sick and tired of high package prices from your satellite or cable provider. i recently had faster (cable internet) installed, and i figured i should start taking advantage of that speed. i researched various streaming devices, the chormecast, roku and others. i ultimately decided on the amazon fire tv stick. i was going to get the fire tv box, but where this is my first streaming device, i wanted to give it a try first, and at $39.00 for this, you can't go wrong.my current bill for Directv is 105.00 a month. yes, you read that right 105.00! that includes the package and DVR service, which alone cost 25.00 a month plus taxes.so, let's just say for sake of argument, you ditch your satellite or tv provider and use just the amazon fire tv stick for streaming your tv.amazon prime is $8.99 a month.netflix runs $7.99hulu plus is $7.99for a grand total of $24.97 a month. $105.00 minus $24.97 a month equals out to a $80.03 per month SAVINGS!!not a bad deal if you ask me. most people only really watch a few channels on their tv anyway,, so we are paying all that money just to watch a few shows.  i just got my fire tv stick yesterday (august 18, 2015) and i have ALREADY went to my directv account and moved my package to the cheapest one available, and when contract is up, i am canceling the service. :) if current trends continue, streaming will have more active accounts than satellite or cable. maybe this will cause the satellite and tv providers to make their outrageous rates a little more down to earth. but i'm holding my breathe on that one.The Device is small and sleek, comes with the HDMI stick, and power adapter. I've read that you CAN use the stick without the power cord attached, but then the fire tv nags your anyway to plug it in.. so i just plugged into wall from the beginning to avoid this annoyance.if you don't have a prime membership, i suggest you get one. plenty of shows to watch, movies, and music and shows. most are INCLUDED in the prime membership. however the new releases you do have to pay for, but that is anywhere really. pay per view on my directv cost 5.99 per HD movie. which, IMO is reasonable. and it sure does beat going to theater and paying 15.00 plus for ONE ticket. amazon prime is a good value for the $99.00 a year price tag, you get movies, music, and even some games. you can play games on the fire tv stick, and if you want to upgrade, you can get the game controller for an additional $40.00when purchased this stick is automatically linked to your amazon account, and any purchases, movies, music etc show up. the user interface is very intuitive and not hard to navigate. there are hours and hours of content available, and you won't get bored with this. the stick comes with 5.57 gb of internal storage space. that space is reserved for your apps. netflix, hulu, games etc. i have lots of apps, flixster, spotify, cbs news, crackle, pluto, weathernation, etc and i still have plenty of room. if i remember right if you get low on space you can store apps on the cloud, or uninstall apps that you don't really use to free up more space. from my research the only real difference in this and the fire tv box is that the box has more onboard RAM and is more suitable for gaming. i have 2 tv's in the house here, so in due time i will probably purchase a fire box for the other tv. which will set you back $99.00. there is a parental control option which requires a PIN number to be entered before any content can be purchased. this is very useful if you have kids, because they can rack up a bunch of unwanted charges and your not aware until you get that dreaded credit card bill at end of month :)i know your dreading this, but here are the cons:-remote is small and takes some time to get used to the buttons. it has a directional pad, and six buttons. they are pretty intuitivein theory, but certain apps respond differently to the buttons.-NO DVR functionality..-you may encounter BUFFERING/Stuttering issues-you wont be able to watch most of your favorite shows LIVE on the day they are broadcast.-no access to local programming (news, sports etc)-remote doesn't have voice search. you can purchase a remote with voice search built in but it costs extra. i'm not a fan of those voice search remotes, half the time they don't understand what your saying, the the flusteration outweighs the good in this case.all in all, this could very well be a game changer on how you get your entertainment. i just received this yesterday, so i haven't quite figured out the entire experience yet. But, so far, this is win win for me. I think it is also worth noting that you need a very fast internet connection to make this work well. if you are on dial up, or dsl, forget it. my current cable connection averages 5mpbs to 15.50 mbps. but,usually in primetime hours, my connection drops to around 2-3mpbs. which works fine for netflix and amazon prime video, but my cause issues in other applications, excessive buffering etc.for local access (news weather etc) you can purchase a HDTV and pick up the signal over the air for free. in this scenario, you have all the entertainment you need for far, far less than your forking out each month to your cable or satellite provider. this is a great investment, and will save you alot of time and money. pick one up today, i'm sure glad i did. and this is just my 2nd day using it.i will update this at a later date. I really think amazon was Spot on with this one :)
Our family has owned the Roku LT streaming media player for a couple of years now. That unit, although slow now, with the occasional needing of a reboot (I blame that on it's age, at this point) once or twice a year, is leagues ahead of the poor experience that I've had with this thing. Let's break down the issues:1. Buffering/stuttering: The amazon fire tv stick buffers a lot, even on content that the Roku has no problem with. This is even though the Fire TV stick is twice as fast with it's processor. I'm not sure what the deal is, but my friend has the Fire TV (not the stick) and he says the same about the buffering. It's terrible.2. Dropping my internet connection:  I NEVER have had problems with our connection dropping on the Roku. The Fire TV stick has dropped our connection several times. I've checked everything else out, as we have several other devices connected wirelessly, but the TV Stick seems to be the culprit here.3. Had to pay for an app that was free on the Roku. Seriously? Our family loves to use the Plex app for watching our home videos from our computer. This app is totally free on the Roku and works great. Amazon Fire TV stick? It's not only 4.99 for the app, but it also crashes constantly. Totally a waste of money.The conclusion for me is that this device is not yet ready. Don't get me wrong, I LOVE Amazon. We have prime and have been users of it for a few years. I probably drop most of my money into Amazon all year long, but this device is just a big letdown to me. Our family is strongly considering purchasing a newer Roku player that is a bit faster than our out-dated LT model. If you are looking at the Fire TV Stick, I'd have to say that waiting a bit might be a good option. Sure, it's pretty cheap, but for 20 more dollars, you could have a great ROKU device that just works so much better.
It's a nice device but I already have so many others. I like this device well enough but it's still missing some features. I have the Tivo Roamio, Roku 3 and the Chromecast and this guy just isn't compelling enough to make me want to use it full time. The place that I can see this one being useful is on the road. It has a remote (already better than Chromecast for that reason).Pros:Slingplayer for mobile - works with remote and the app is free. Don't need a phone to use it. Just log in and watch.The Remote - who doesn't like that? It helps with so many thingsThe network - save multiple wireless connections. you can't do that on Roku or ChromecastGames - there are several little games to play. You can't do that on the Chromecast and the Roku is very limitedAmazon content - video and music are rock solid on this deviceCons:Missing several apps (google play, vudu, for example. Roku has so many more)Wifi Hotspot not working yet. This will be a big plus when it happens.Can't use your playstation controllers with the games without sideloading apps. This should be officially supported.I used the Amazon Fire Stick on a recent trip but without the hotspot/wifi update for hotels then it's not as useful as it could be. I was able to use it with my TP-Link TL-MR3040 with the wifi bridge for this purpose. It gets past the hotspot login by allowing the device to bridge with a device that has a browser so that you can get past the login page.*** I contacted Amazon support on 3/22/2015 and they still don't have hotspot/hotel update and could not tell me when it will come out. I also asked for firmware update information link so that I could know what has been updated so far but they could not produce it. I don't think they really know anything about their product. At this point....I would say that this is a vapor feature and should not be expected to be implemented. However, if they do they I will change my review to 4 stars.I'll update this post with 4 stars when the update comes out for hotspot/wifi hotel usage. That's really the only reason that I purchased it in the first place.---- Update ----Amazon has added hotspot to the device... so I've changed my rating to 4 stars.
I wasn't sure what this would be but when I saw that Prime members could get it months ago for $19 I figured "what the heck, I'll get one".  The Amazon app on my TV has been getting worse each month and I know the WiFi isn't the issue so I figured I'd spend the $19 to get an alternate way to view the Prime shows. I ordered it (in advance of the release) months ago and it arrived this month.It works really well! The remote is either Bluetooth or WiFi as you can use it behind your back. The stick is lightening fast.  You can hit the home button on the remote and the TV switches from cable to the Fire Stick and shows you the main index (at least on my Panasonic plasma).The Amazon Prime shows that I've been watching are in 1080p. I don't see the compression issues that I notice in cable and the Amazon app on my TV. This is a better solution.The set up is crazy easy as the stick is already personalized and linked to your Amazon account. The first thing it shows on the TV is "Are you XXX? Do you want this registered to your Amazon account?" It then goes through a quick tutorial.The remote takes a few minutes (maybe an hour) to get, but once you get it, it is so much better than anything you have used before.The only drawback is that it uses more power than the Chromecast so you have to plug it into the wall, not the USB on the TV. When using the USB all power goes off when the TV is off.  I still need the Chromecast to mirror stuff from my Android. I'm starting to understand why new TVs come with so many hdmi and usb ports. I'm already maxed out and historically I'm not that guy.
I was looking to replace my Roku 2 which was showing its age. I was fortunate to have bought this device when it was announced and was $19 for the first two days. After a bit of a wait, the unit came packed in a nice box. I have a Denon AVR1913 and set this up on one of the HDMI input ports.The initial screen came up without any issues including connecting to the Wi-Fi. But when I wanted to watch a movie, the dreaded blue screen with "HDCP unauthorized. Content Disabled" came up, but with sound. After reading other reviews, I switched off all the devices (The receiver, TV and the fire stick) and restarted them. This resolved the issue and hasn't re-occurred since.After leaving the device overnight plugged in, I tried accessing it in the morning only to find that the WiFi connection had dropped. All my other devices were online without any issues. The router is about 2 feet away with both 5GHz and 2.5 Ghz available and I had setup both the access points to the Fire Stick. Was able to resolve this issue by rebooting the device - There are two ways to do it:1. Using the remote: Press and hold the select and the play button simultaneously for about 5 seconds.2. Unplug the USB cable and re connect after about 5-10 seconds.Just a note that this issue does NOT happen every night, or every time the unit is left untouched. I haven't been able to associate a pattern to this issue.The performance of the device is good and responsive. I like the navigation layout with the recent tab showing both movies and apps. The games is an added feature and some of them really hook you in.There have been about 3 times when a game app has frozen and had to reboot the stick.I would only give 3 stars as it can't beat the $19 price. However, for the current price and competition in Google ChromeCast and Roku Stick, Amazon needs to pull up its socks to resolve the Wi-Fi issues and the freeze and add more features.
Thought I could use this with with it being connected to my tv's usb outlet, as I can charge my tablet using that, or have it get enough power from my hdmi outlets as they are all MHL enabled. Although it powers on when connected to the MHL HDMI ports it complains that it doesn't have enough power & it tends to lag. When it's connected to the given USB adapter it works smoothly. Since the device I replaced also required an outlet this is just a major annoyance.As far as the interface goes, it is extremely confusing. Amazon shows their video content nearly front & center, no loading of an app, which I extremely like. I can get to watching Amazon content much faster. However they mix the "store" in with the app icons, the Amazon content, is then mixed in, both included content & purchasable content, which makes the interface just that more confusing. There are several great ways to improve the layout, but all of them would require moving "store" content out of the main part of the interface. I doubt Amazon will do this because I'm assuming their goal is not a great interface, but the selling of digital content.The reason other streaming devices like ATV & Roku are great is that all content is considered equal. I'd be ok with Amazon having a 'recently viewed prime video' section, a 'recommended prime videos' section that clearly shows a price or 'included' so that the price is clear. And then have an 'apps' section (or one for video & a separate one for games.) no matter what the interface needs improvement.Lastly the fact that there is a remote for android devices, but not for iOS tells me that Amazon released this before it was fully baked, in order to get it out before the holiday purchasing season.Am I using it? Yes to watch included prime content & Netflix. Doing more than that seems difficult. I was considering purchasing a game controller & trying out some games, but I'm going to avoid that, as given the interface so far, I expect it to not be simple.
I started off using this in my bedroom with a the router being approximately 10 to 12 feet away in the next room. I continually get errors and pixelation problems. Recognizing that the Wifi may be weak, I decided to move it to the main TV which is located directed beside the router. While the problem isn't as constant, it most certainly still exists. I am currently watching a bowl game on ESPN through the fire stick and it has lost connection 5 times and the game still has almost an entire half to play. Honestly, this is just ridiculous. I have no problems with any other device in the house. I went as far as disconnecting everything else, but that made no difference. I am a huge supporter of amazon and they are my go to online retailer, but their products seem to be released before they are ready for prime time. (I'm referring to the fire phone as well).Pro's-Quick searching when compared to my gaming systems-Remote is a plus-Small size-Picture looks great (when working)-Great setup for Prime MembersCon's-Requires additional power to operate stick in most cases-On paper a much better device than what you actually get-Definitely another shot at a proprietary device for amazon-Wifi is very week or there is a major software issueI cannot recommend this product in good faith to anyone until amazon fixes the connectivity issue. As far as it being centered around Prime, I get that it's the point to increase revenue. My personal opinion is that Amazon could "play well with others and be less like apple".***UPDATE 1/9/15Amazon reached out to me after reading my review and offered to trouble shoot my fire stick. This is why I love amazon, they actually care about their customers!!! A rare occurrence these days...  After 45 minutes of tinkering we did the one thing I neglected to do... A factory reset and start over. This has solved all the problems I've had till this point. If you are having connection issues like I was, do a factory reset and see if it helps. Good luck, I hope I save some of you some time trouble shooting.
At first I thought, "is this just another redundant piece of technology?" The answer to that question is: maybe. That answer, however, is not cut and dry. We used an XBox for our video streaming, complete with HDMI cable quality streaming. It was perfectly capable of satisfying our needs (hulu, amazon prime, hbogo, netflix) and had done so for some time. Amazon offered us the opportunity to buy this for half price and I, being a complete amazon nut, jumped on the opportunity. Here are a few reasons why I like the stick, and why our XBox has been dormant for longer periods than it has ever rested:--Searching for Titles- Access films from the homepage that are offered through prime instant video. There is also a "more ways to watch" option that occasionally ushers you towards a streaming service that includes the title you are trying to view (this feature is not quite as great as it could be, yet!)--Smooth Homepage-Seamless, smooth interface where you can access prime instant video, rent or purchase videos, access your apps (netflix, hulu, etc.), and search.--Extra steps- Or rather the lack thereof. Turn on the tv and if it is still on the correct input, you're ready to go. With all your passwords in, you are there in seconds.--App Appearances-Coming from the XBox the apps are so much easier to use and more pleasing to the eye.--Mobile App- Kind of gimmicky, but also kind of fun especially due to the voice search which works really well.I'd like to see the "more ways to watch" streamline and act as a way to sort through all the services we pay for these days. If they did that I'd sing high praises for this up and down.If you're on the fence, I'd err on the side of giving it a shot; especially if you are on here reading Amazon reviews and are a prime member, you're halfway there already - I can tell.EDIT: We've used this a lot, let me start with that. At this point, the wireless connectivity issues have made it so frustrating that we have switched over to the xbox until I'm ready to buy a Roku. As a buddy of mine said "Amazon does marketing, not products" and I hate to say it, but I think he is right. With all the emphasis on the wireless performance of the stick, it hasn't really lived up to the expectation.
I own an RCA streaming player, a Roku 3, and this Fire stick.  Out of all of them, I like the Roku 3 the best.  I don't like how your channel apps like Netflix flow right into the Amazon content on the Fire stick.  On Roku, you can tell where one starts, and the other ends.  The Fire stick programming kind of melds together.  The Fire stick is a very fast surfer though.  I bought this during their promotion for $20, so I figured it would be worth it.  I would definitely buy it again for $20.  For $40, maybe.  I originally bought this for a kitchen TV, but it wouldn't receive a wireless signal, only 25 feet from my wireless router.  I tried it on a living room TV about 20 feet away, and it works fine.  I don't know what that small difference makes, but I would have sent it back if that hadn't worked.Another thing I don't like about the stick is the power cord.  I didn't realized you had to plug a power cord into the stick.  I assumed the power for the stick was pulled from the TV.  So here you have a 3.5" stick hanging off the back of your TV, and the power cord sticks out the middle of the side of it.  Very odd placement.The remote doesn't have to see the stick, so it operates flawlessly with the remote.  I've had a few times when the video lags, but I think my cable internet service isn't as good as it should be.  Overall, happy with my purchase.One thing to know about these streaming players though, they burn up a lot of data.  Since we don't have cable TV, we use the Fire stick and Roku most evenings for several hours to watch TV and movies.  I have 350GB of data allotted in my monthly plan with the cable company.  When I added the second player, I came within 95% of that 350GB of data for several months, and now around the holidays, I've gone over that limit 2 months in a row.  The additional cost of data could actually pay for cable service, eliminating the need for these players.  Something to consider.
I got my Fire TV Stick last night, it was very easy to setup is certainly dummy proof (my hubby didn't have problems using it ;-) ). I am event thinking about buying the Fire Game Controller, I tried a few games and you cannot play them with the control or with the app on your smart phone, but the good news is that you don't need the voice activated control, because you can use your cellphone for that. Some TVs have only one HDMI port and something may get on the way of the power cord of the stick, but you can fix that very easy by using the extension. I have to say that I really love the device itself, and I would even buy a second one for my living room's TV, BUT I am very unhappy with the Amazon Prime, all the good stuff movies and shows are for rent or buy (you have to pay extra), they should have more stuff available on Prime, I have been thinking to give it a try to Netflix and see if they have more of the good stuff, if that's the case I think I wont renew my prime next year and will use the Fire TV Stick with it, I know there's more stuff  that Prime offers like the 2-day shipping which is awesome, but I don't think I buy enough stuff, or the books but again is the old stuff that's available, music same story.I think Amazon needs to make available more newly movies, and books, maybe even music, but the most important is the movies and shows, I think is the part that people want the most and care the most about.Sorry this turned into an Amazon Prime review (if someone knows where I can review Amazon Prime, please provide me with the link), but most people buy this product because of the Prime, but I think I should clarify you can use it with Netflix and a bunch of other movie services.
WOW!PROS:1. Easy to install/setup  (IF you have Wi-Fi, a TV with an HDMI port, and a CLOSE easily accessible power outlet)2.  The interface is clean, streamlined, easy to figure out.3.  Stick can easily be switched/registered to different users and the menu item to do so is easily found.  I ordered two - one for myself and one as a gift.  The one for me came attached to my Amazon Prime account.  The gift item did not.  That's exactly the way I wanted it.4.  Streaming quality is fantastic and I now am able to have HD on my HD tv.  *does happy dance*5.  The HDMI extender cable is very useful as if you have other ports close by with items plugged into them, the fire stick is a little wide if plugged directly into your port and will push against adjoining items.  The extender addresses that issue.CONS:None that I have noted yet.However, Suggestions to Amazon -  1.  The "sleep" feature is down in the submenus and works immediately.  I thought this was kind of weird.  Perhaps this feature could have (a) a timer aspect and (b) be located on the main menu?  2.  The setup guide is very brief and limited in information.  Would be helpful to include specs for the system with regard to how it uses Wi-Fi as well as some troubleshooting suggestions should there be a problem with immediate connection.  I needed to reset and revamp my friend's Wi-Fi router in order to enable the Fire Stick connection.  I'm pretty sure it's an issue with her router as this is not the first time we've had connecting problems with it, however, for those that are less tech savvy or this may be a first time issue, it would be nice to have information about the Fire Stick to narrow it down faster.  *What's up with every hardware producer assuming their product will always set up perfectly every time?  Hello, real world!!  :)
I preordered the Fire TV Stick for $20.  This price was an absolute steal.  The price is now $39.99.I definitely made the right decision to purchase the Fire TV Stick over the Chromecast.  I was deciding between the Chromecast or the Fire TV Stick and the price (preorder) basically decided it.  I like to test my equipment to get a grasp of how it works and reading reviews and videos doesn't give me the full experience.  And essentially the Chromecast and Fire TV Stick are doing the same thing so I went with the Fire TV Stick.So here's a quick summary of why I chose to purchase the Fire TV Stick:1) TV Remote.  The Chromecast doesn't have a remote and this sealed the deal for me.  I did not want to go onto my phone since I like to be all snuggled up under my blankets when watching Netflix so a TV remote works well for me.2) Prime video and Netflix / Others.  It seems more streamlined and is easier to navigate.  If I want to watch Netflix, Twitch, etc. I just go to the "Apps" section and go to the app and I'm good.  If I want to watch something on Prime video, I go to Prime video and I'm good.  It's really nice to have the layout all streamlined and laid out very well.So connectivity wise the Fire Stick has good connectivity and so far I haven't had any issues with it.  No break in the connectivity and everything is holding up well.If you are a Netflix / Twitch / Amazon Prime user this device basically solves all of your needs. It's extremely well thought out and works well.  I don't see why you wouldn't take this over the Chromecast as of this  point since there's a remote and the apps are now out for iOS and Android.  (Yes there is more compatibility with Chromecast / Android since you can just pull the notification bar down).I only docked one point because the only thing I did not like about it was the lag in some of the apps and videos.  My internet is about 50 mpbs so the subtitles should be loading perfectly fine.  Otherwise video quality is great, loading time is great and the interface works well.
I've had the FireTV stick for almost a month now and it's been great for the most part. It's a pretty simple setup (though I wish you could skip the intro video). Most of the apps run pretty fast and work well. Some apps do cause the entire device to restart on occasion; Plex has been the biggest cause so far. It's hard to place blame on the FireTV Stick, because I think a lot of this is the app's fault.One thing that the device is not very good (which is unfortunate, because it's your only option on the Stick) is the wifi. Granted this will vary heavily based on router type / setup, but in one particular instance where I've had my FireTV Stick installed, the wifi performance was horrible. I will place some blame on the FireTV Stick itself, as a cell phone on wifi in the same area performs just fine. The FireTV Stick will often disconnect from the wifi when behind the TV in this scenario. I found that using the HDMI extension cable and trying to hang it to the side of the TV helps a little bit.Something that works extremely well, that I think a lot of people will be happy about, is Kodi Media Center (XBMC). You have to enable dev mode and side-load the APK; but that process is pretty easy (for a techy person). The other pain is that you need to go into settings and manage apps to get to side loaded apps. Other than that, Kodi itself runs very fast and well. 1080p / 720p HD videos stream from a NAS with no lag or issues. Way, way, way faster, in fact, than Plex on the same FireTV. If you're looking for an inexpensive way to get Kodi on your TV, look no further than the FireTV Stick.On another note, I like that you can search for media and it offers alternative sources to play the media from (such as Hulu Plus). Though I don't recommend bothering with Hulu Plus. I setup a trial as a result of it being shown as an alternative source to play a TV show I searched for, but just as soon as my episode finished, I cancelled the trial subscription. Hulu has good content and streams high quality, but the ads just ruin it; and with no plan available to disable ads for a higher price... Anyhow, that's a rant for another place/time.
You can find similar reviews online comparing two or all three of these devices so I won't waste time with much detail on that. I do own all three and I find each has their pluses and minuses. When it comes right down to it, here is how I would rank them: Roku3, Chromecast, Fire TV Stick. The reason Roku gets top billing from me is because of all the channels it has. One particular is BYUtv. I cannot cast this channel with either the Chromecast or fire stick. Chromecast is second because I can cast almost anything to it using my phone. The little remote that comes with the fire is OK but if you lose it, the fire tv won't work. It just sits there on startup saying "searching for remote". Fire TV is good if you use amazon prime video, it's obvious that it caters to their product. The "cast" feature doesn't work but it may be something goofy with my TV because I use it on the same tv as my roku3 and I can't get the mirror screen feature to work on it either. They both may work on my newer TV.*************3/10/15 - UpdateI am not sure why but the cast feature does not work. I tried it on my newer TV that the Chromcast works fine on. Since the original review, I don't use the fire stick at all. I use the Roku3 on one TV and Chromecast on the other. IF I had amazon prime and didn't have the other devices I would probably use it much more.*************3/27/15 - UpdateI am not sure if there was an update of some kind but I am now able to stream video to the Fire TV Stick and Roku3 just like I was able to on the Chromecast. Because of that, I bumped my review up to 4 stars.The Chromecast still responds a lot faster to streaming from a device (phone/tablet/laptop) than the other two but I wanted to state that I am able to stream to all three devices now. I still favor the Roku3 and Chromecast though. If I had Amazon prime I would probably use the Fire TV Stick more. I forgot to mention in my original review, I really do like the HDMI extender cable that comes with the Fire TV Stick. When you have a lot of devices/things plugged into the back/side of your TV it is nice to not have to try and cram this in the small space. it allows it to hang outside at any angle to fit better and if for some reason it gets bumped, you don't have to worry about the Fire TV Stick or your HDMI port getting damaged.
I bought the Fire Stick TV on pre-order when it was $20 for Amazon Prime members and all I can really say is it's okay. This is coming from a guy who already owns a Chromecast and Apple TV streaming device so take from this what you will.Pros:- Easy to setup. You order it and it's already registered to you so it's basically plug and play.- Very nice interface.- Has most the apps you would expect except HBOgo which I guess is coming Spring 2015.Cons:- Even if you're an Amazon Prime member there are so few Prime ready movies out there that this isn't worth it on that note alone so you're really looking at it for other apps which then puts it in the same market as the other streaming devices.- Almost all the games require the sold separately game controller so you won't be able to play them.- The included remote is alright but it's very similar to the Apple TV remote where you have to use the click wheel to navigate an on screen keyboard to type letters when you want to enter a password, email address or search term. Alternatively, you can buy a remote with voice search or download an app that allows you to voice search.- It feels like another separate device you have to turn to in order to watch your movies.I don't use my Apple TV anymore and that's really the closest thing I can compare this to. I don't use this anymore either. I have an Android phone and use Chrome on my computer so with my Chromecast device I just select the movie I want to watch on either device and can "cast" it to my TV and back again. It's much simpler and faster.With the Fire TV and the Apple Tv I feel like they are separate devices that I have to turn to in order to watch what I want to watch. It's always on but It feels less intuitive and like a slower process.As a whole, the device works great and is quick, but in my situation it just feels a bit outdated next to my Chromecast.
My Amazon Fire TV stick... Verdict: It's good.Short review for those not wanting to read everything: It is fast, very fast. WiFi can be a bit tricky, give it some space. Third-party DLNA support. This device is worth your money.Included in the box: Fire TV stick, HDMI extender, controller, micro-HDMI cord, and USB wall charger.We upgraded from a NeoTV MAX. Over time the NeoTV got incredibly slow. It wasn't fast to begin with. The new Fire TV stick is very fast. We have no problem with remote lag or loading shows / apps.The device itself is about the size of a large flash drive, but one that fits into the HDMI port on your TV. It comes with a micro-USB cable and wall charger to power the device. You can do without the former, however if drawing power from only the HDMI port you may have a decrease in performance. When I first set up the device, I plugged it into the USB service port on my TV for power, but it didn't seem to recognize it and wanted me to plug it into a power outlet. (I had the option to skip this however and just use HDMI power.) I would definitely recommend to Amazon to provide a longer micro-USB cable for those opting to charge it with a power outlet. After about two weeks I disconnected from the power outlet to the USB service port on my TV. There was no decrease in performance and the device still operated perfectly.The placement of my TV is about 6 in. from a wall. For the first several days my Fire TV stick operated normally, then the WiFi would start dropping. A few more days passed and the device wouldn't connect to the internet at all. I tried the usual: un-plugging it to restart and forgetting and reconnecting to WiFi. It would always connect to the WiFi, however the status was always: connected with problems. I tried my best to get it to work. I used the HDMI extender that was included so it wasn't as close to the TV. I even used some scotch tape to suspend the device in mid-air so it wasn't close to anything else. As a last effort I decided to move my TV stand about a foot to the left (the TV stand was against the wall of an inward corner, so moving it put it more toward the middle of the room) and that appeared to solve the problem, mostly. Once every couple of days I get the 'connected with problems' issue, but restarting the device always helps. I am not sure if I have a defective unit or if this is the result of cramming so much technology into such a small device, but I would definitely recommend giving your device some room.I love the controller that comes with the Fire TV stick. It is small, yet has some weight to it so it is sturdy in your hand. It has great range and does not need to be pointed directly at the TV. My NeoTV controller needed to be pointed directly at the device, which was a little inconvenient on a cold night when I didn't want to stick my arm out of the covers. That said, the Fire TV stick controller is small and I fear I may lose it one day.The device has a nice interface to it, perhaps one of the best I have ever seen on such a device / smart TV. It is also a lot different than similar devices, which has both good and bad attributes. Good: You can access movies and videos directly from the home screen, you don't (always) have to open an additional app to find something to watch. Bad: All of the movie and TV recommendations are from Amazon Prime Video, it can be difficult to distinguish between what is included in your Amazon Prime Instant Video subscription and what you have the option to rent and purchase. You will certainly know the difference however, when you click on the video. I'm not sure if this would be possible, but I would love to see Netflix and Hulu Plus recommendations on my device's home screen. I would also like the ability to disable video recommendations for anything not included in my Prime membership.You have the option to set up a numerical passcode to prevent unwanted purchases, if you have a child I strongly recommend setting one up. Even if you don't have a child I recommend setting one up so you don't accidentally purchase a video you may have thought was included in your Prime membership. I would love to see native DLNA support, but for those of you that are curious; there are third-party apps that can do this for you. So yes, you can stream videos from your PC to your Fire TV stick.The Fire TV stick was definitely worth the money and I would buy it again.
Update 5/10/15 - I decided to give it a shot one more time hopeful that maybe software was updated in the last five months.  Here is my update.  Plugged it in and waited for the software update, took THREE hours and 10 Minutes to download via DSL.  Installed the download and unplugged and plugged it back in.  Attempted to play The Pacific via Prime, got a message about my connection being too slow and It lost my wifi about 5 times,  I cleared the cache for Amazon video and tried again, got the same message about connection too slow  but proceeded anyways.  the show ran it's entire length without buffering.  Tried Hulu and that also worked, other than some issues with the commercials.  So I am changing my review to 3 stars.  It's still not as good as Roku LT, but at least you can play Hulu and Prime without the constant buffering.  I'd like to review this after a few more days, but I'm turning off DSL this week and installing CABLE on Tuesday.  I'd still stay with Roku if you have DSL, maybe try Fire TV after a couple more updates.Original review in Dec 14 -Ok, I plugged it in and first off it updates the stick.  It took 1 hours and 45 minutes to update..Definitely not ready for DSL.  I finally got to log into my prime account and started an episode of Enterprise Season 2.  It ran for about 30 seconds and then buffering, another 30 seconds and more buffering, finally it displayed a message saying my internet was too slow for Prime.  At that point I plugged my Roku LT back in and watched the exact same episode with no buffering, no issues.So I guess with DSL it is better to have a single core, single band, 512 MB Roku than a dual core, dual band, 8 GB Fire Stick.Very disappointing.  Unusable for me..
I jumped on the $19 Amazon sale price, since I have Prime already and want to take advantage of the free Prime movie Streaming. While I awaited its arrival, I read the many 1 star reviews but hoped that I was going be among the many more 5 star reviews of people who have great luck with theirs. When it arrived finally, the setup was smooth and easy and the software interface fairly well done. For the first few uses, it seemed like we had avoided the problems.But then suddenly, videos would stop and the load icon would popup, get to 25% and stop. If I backed out of the video and restarted it sometimes it worked sometimes not. Then it started saying that it lost the server, lost connection, but if i went into the setup it always says that the WIFI connection if "Very good". Sometime, if i unplug and restart it, that works, sometimes not.The same thing happens with Netflix streaming. We also have an Apple TV and have immediately switched over to watching Netflix on it after the Stick stops playing and the Apple TV has played the exact same video perfectly.  We have 2 tablets, a laptop, and 2 iPhones that all connect to our WIFI network without any of the problems the Stick exhibits. I've contacted Amazon at least 4 times and they just keep saying that the problem has been referred to higher level support people.I am really hoping that Amazon fixes this soon, as the Stick has great potential at a fine price point. But, I would recommend waiting on purchasing one until Amazon fixes these bugs.Update: I still have heard nothing back from Amazon customer service since it was "referred to higher level support" But, I purchased an Apple Airport Extreme to provide more WIFI coverage in my home. As an experiment, I logged the Stick into the new WIFI network set up by the  Airport and like magic it is now working seamlessly - streaming well and not losing connections.  Apparently the trouble that some many people are having with the Stick is incompatibility with some WIFI network setups, makes or models. It explains why some people are having wonderful luck and others terrible experiences. Hopefully Amazon is going to release a software update that will fix this to common problem for too many buyers.
OK, I'll be honest - I picked up this stick because as an Amazon Primer, I got it for $19 with free shipping.  I didn't really need it, as I am OK with my Apple TV (which admittedly is getting a little long in the tooth, app-wide). I find it to be a great diversion on my iMac second screen, which is a 24inch Samsung Syncmaster. It DOES need the included power adapter, so figure that into your power management layout if you order it.It's fast, small and installs easily and works right out of the box.  Good starter group of apps and games.  I use it for Huluplus and Netflix mostly after the work day, but as a Primer, the occasional free movie is a nice touch, also.  I'm looking forward to HBO GO coming to the Stick in the Spring which will make it worthwhile, if priced right.  I'm not a big gamer (OK, not a gamer at all, truth be told) although I do appreciate the nice growth in the game graphics arena over the years.  I have found myself jumping into some of the games with the Stick also much to my surprise (I hope their record sales increases game availability), which begs the question, why not games on Apple TV?  No internal Xbox or PS4 product to protect from cannibalization and it's not like Apple to be asleep at the wheel!  I guess they are making so much money now on phones, their 'leading edge' is becoming dulled, which gives other firms running room to grab marketshare AND mindshare...but I digress.The Stick doesn't have a ton of memory on it, but way more than its competitors, from the view of future growth of games and operating system upgrades.  At this point, I would rank the Stick over the Chromecast dongle and the Roku stick on quality, speed and price.  Pick one up and invest in your future entertainment, especially if you are part of the Amazon 'sphere of influence'.
If you've decided to "cut loose," this stick should answer the needs of anyone who isn't an addictive watcher of the current talk shows on MSNBC, FOX, or Comedy Central.  Since my wife can't part with those channels--nor, for that matter, with American Movie Classics and Turner Classic Movies--I continue to scrape together a couple hundred per month to send to Time-Warner cable.  (No matter that you can still summon up a number of these shows as "archived editions": the perception that what you're watching is not "current" is simply too much of a downer for some viewers.)Solution: For me it was the new Sony 48" Smart TV (going on Amazon for under $550).  I frankly didn't expect the set to be as versatile as it is.  Sony apparently has no reservations about use of their equipment for viewing competing media sources like Netflix, Amazon, and (if you download the appropriate app) non-Android streaming purchases from Apple iTunes.The problem is that now I've got almost 200 invested in set-top boxes I don't need and have no interest in peddling.  I've managed to unload the Google stick on my son, but a couple of Roku boxes (imo, the best set-top box--in any of the 3 price ranges--if you plan to have only one) and two Amazon Fire devices remain.As far as the pictured Amazon device, it works flawlessly if you remember one thing.  Initially, I kept getting messages that power was inadequate to complete the loading of various films I had started to stream.  Once I turned off power to the Time-Warner box, the stick worked like a charm--but I've found no advantages with the stick when compared to the built-in smart technology of the Sony.  It might be useful in various hotels and guest houses, if you're a frequent traveler--or perhaps with the TV in the laundry room.Compared to the Chromecast, I much preferred the Amazon Fire Stick. The Chromecast comes with an optional USB connection for power--but my prior TV lacked any such port.  Moreover, the Chromecast required use of the Chrome browser, courtesy of the ubiquitous and, insidiously invasive, forever "monetizing" Google (I realize the same could be said about Amazon, but Bezos' mega-network store seems more "up-front" about what's being sold to whom and for how much).  Finally, the wire attached to the Chromecast--even with the included extension--was a foot shy of reaching the included electrical adapter.Not only did the Fire Stick's wire extend to the electrical outlet on the floor but there was no requirement--or even recommendation--that a USB connection be employed. Finally, and perhaps most importantly (especially if you're one of the rare individuals who doesn't "misplace" the remote on a daily basis), the Fire Stick comes with a handy / dandy remote control.  If by some happenstance you find yourself with both the Fire TV Box and the Fire Stick, their remotes are not instantly, or automatically, interchangeable.  You'll need to go through a one-step process to pair the two remotes--which required no more than 5 seconds, which is not bad for a "techno-ritard" such as me.If you have both remotes, and have paired them, keep the Amazon Fire TV as your first remote and the Amazon Fire Stick as a spare.  The Amazon Fire TV is the heaviest remote that I've handled (compared with Roku, Google, Apple similar devices), giving its user a greater sense of "authority" in his program selecting.  It also comes with Amazon's celebrated "Voice Search," which is supposed to function equally well with the Fire TV Box or the Fire Stick.  I suspect I'm the only Amazon client on the planet incapable of summoning up a program by voice with either of the Amazon remotes.  I've tried everything, changing my voice from bass to falsetto soprano, whispered, shrieked, lobbed up hanging curve balls ("I want Fox News").  Zero success, nada, nothing, futility, frustration.But also not important.  I wouldn't be writing this review if I couldn't write faster than I can talk. Which is a good thing, because I see that books are being sold on Amazon--for as much as $10--on how to use Vocal Search with the Fire Stick.  I must be the customer profiled for such a book-- as I said, I'm not much of a talker.  Either that, or I'm not as commanding--or as bright--as Gary Busey.
I own many similar devices - Chromecast (3), AppleTV, GoogleTV, VUDU boxes (4 of the original), many smart TVs with built in streamers, Roku3, WD Live, MythTV (built myself 2), PS3 (2), PS4, Wii and many more obscure video streaming devices.  It's due to my working in video streaming tech arena for many years.I was excited to pick the FireTV stick up for $19 as an early customer.  Glad that's all I paid.  I have been using it for a few weeks now, and I am not all that thrilled with it.  The menus are slow, there is a lag from me clicking remote and the onscreen udpate.  I've accidentally clicked on wrong choice quite a few times.  Very frustrating.  I have already updated FW to latest.There is a lack of integration for searching across content.  It's (obviously) geared toward Amazon Prime, but I also subscribed to Netflix, Hulu, Crackle, VUDU, Amazon Prime, Crunchyroll, HBO, ESPN, Apple Store, Google Play and various other services (yes, really, I need to be able to test among all the major streaming services).I like the Chromecast, especially now that it has integration and abilities to "cast" content from other devices.  My kids love it, and we travel with several for use in hotel room TVs.FireTV stick seem to be geared toward Prime only and everything else is second thoughts.  I really like GoogleTV's ability to search across all streaming services that the box has installed and you are signed into.  Very nice integration.  Too bad it's not updated anymore.I would not paid more than the $19 I got this for.  It's disappointingly slow and clunky, slow menus.  Does not support as many streaming services and the apps are only from Amazon store, which is not as good as Google Play store.
I've owned Rokus, Apple TVs, Chromeast and both the Fire Stick and full sized Fire TV and if I had to choose one of those if someone was going to own only one single device, this would be the single device I'd choose. It's a little bit tough to understand how to make your choice if this is not an area that you read up on frequently or if you've not had experience and learned the "gotchas".  There are some easy to understand tradeoffs beyond the Amazon comparison grid.Streamers are a lot like cars: different prices, different features, different ongoing costs, but all intend to get you from here to there. Amazon does a pretty good job in their comparison to show the differences between their products, Chromecast and Roku. They don't take on Apple in that comparison but you aren't missing much in the analysis unless you own a lot of iTunes movies or you don't have Prime video yearly subscription.  I'll explain that later.One thing to know right out the gate is that not all brands of streaming devices have access to everything you want. Amazon has certain things. Netflix has certain things (luckily, basically all streamers have Netflix), Apple has some things, Google has some things. Many are shared, and some things are exclusives.I personally keep around an Amazon streamer (fire TV full size) and an Apple TV.  Between those two my media needs are covered, though I do occasionally buy something from Google and then... watch it on my phone. Or mirror it to my Apple TV.This device is in stick form. It's small and intended for those who do not expect to want to play serious 3D games and other games that require a lot of computing power. Set up is easy, but it's important to keep in mind that it does not have an Ethernet jack, so if you don't have wireless, this one isn't for you.I got this one for my mom and set it up for her, as well as used it several days after setup and found that it is very functional, easy to navigate (menus are the same as the bigger brother, Fire TV) but I did occasionally find that it would lag a bit if I tried to quit an app quickly or navigate the menu too quickly. It wasn't frequent enough to call it problematic, but I can say the bigger size Fire TV never ever had any kind of lag whatsoever-- and it has a higher price tag, double the computing power and more memory.Point 1:  If you are absolutely critical of anything that has a lag or isn't super fast, get the Fire TV instead of the stick.One of the interesting things that came out when the larger Fire TV came out was that the remote control has a microphone in it and you can use it to speak your searches rather than type them in. After some use this becomes pretty convenient. this one doesn't come with that feature by default. If you want it, you can use some smart phones with the Fire TV app and their microphone, or you can buy the remote that has this feature (right now for around $30, price could change).Point 2:  If you *might* want the voice remote you're already in the price range of the bigger, more capable Fire TV. May as well just buy that one.Size matters, in terms of portability. The larger one takes an HDMI cable, is a box itself. the smaller one is a stick, of course.Point 3:  If you may want to take this with you to hotels, dorms, or other portable places, the Fire Stick will soon (if not already) support captive wireless login requirements. The smaller device could make sense for you if you want it to be portable.Point 4: All of the streamers being discussed get software updates and you will normally expect enhancements over timeWhat media you own can have an impact on what device is best for you-- this means: what digital movies and music have you bought and own permanently? This isn't Pandora or Spotify, but paying full price for a movie or album and being able to download it to your phone or PC.  Amazon does a great job of letting you import your music into the Amazon system if you have a prime subscription, but if you don't have a subscription, you can't stream it to your Fire TV. A limited number of songs can be stored/uploaded to Amazon from purchases at Google or Apple, but you have to pay more if you want to import it all, and you have to pay each year.Point 5: Be aware of what media you own, and if you want to re-use it. If you don't own any digital copy movies or music, then you have nothing to worry about. If you do, then keep in mind you may need to figure out where you bought things and determine if you can re-use it at Amazon.Subscription services are a big portion of how people use these streaming devices. Netflix. Hulu. Prime Movies that comes with your yearly prime subscription. If you want content from those things, you have to pay separately. There is some free content for this device available via apps, but it won't be the pay content providers.Point 6: Plan to have a Prime subscription, some other subscription, or realize that you may not know what you're going to watch on this until  you have it.One of the nice things about Fire TV compared to most competitors (somewhat not Roku) is that there are a LOT of apps available for this one-- exercise video apps, cooking apps, all things not yet on Apple TV or Chromecast (as the time of this writing) If you want to explore apps or use it more than just for TV and more like a TV computer, this one has a lot of nice features and options.So there you have it. A little bit about the Fire TV Stick, the Fire TV and the competitors. I hope this was helpful and a different take on how to discuss and review this and it's competitors. Feel free to ask questions above this review in the question & answer section!
First off, I wanted to give a head's up to those considering buying this item.  I am an IT professional with more than 15 years experience.  I have a ton of home automation and entertainment equipment and gadgets and have no bias towards any company or product.  Having said that...We purchased a Kindle Fire HD7 and Google Chromecast earlier this year for my mother in law.  Both worked flawlessly together.  She has stage 4 breast cancer and she had trouble trying to watch Netflix/Hulu on her tablet in bed while keeping it plugged in, charged, etc.  The combo was perfect while she underwent treatment because she didn't have to get out of bed or mess with DVD's in order to watch what she wanted.When this product released, Amazon (very discretely) turned off support for Chromecast for it's Kindle tablet line.  I am assuming they did this to force users to buy this product (Fire Stick).  Very frustrating that my mother in law has a perfect setup and now we have to buy new hardware to keep things working.  So I broke down and bought it and received it before Christmas.  I gave it to her for Christmas and went to set it up...This is where things went really badly.  I started the setup and it was similar to the chromecast.  Plug it in with attached power brick (didn't use TV usb power at all) and connect to HDMI port.  Logo came up and started setup.  After initial setup with wifi, it mysteriously reset itself.  Then on the second attempt, after wifi was successful, it would ask me to register and it would freeze on the "checking network speed" screen and restart. Tried every step on online guide (restarting router, unplugging device from power, using the included HDMI extender, soft reset and hard reset with remote, etc).  I then called Amazon customer support.  I was transferred 3 times and explained the same issue and verified all my information with 3 different people.  I asked if this was happening a lot with these devices and the young woman told me that they had several calls that day regarding them.  I was then asked to walked through all the troubleshooting steps again with the technician, even though I told them what I had tried them already and the listed the results of each.  I understand there is protocol so I went along politely. After over an hour on the phone I was asked to provide the model of my router, my television and my internet speed.  I was then told that an "engineer" would review my configuration in the next 3 business days to determine the next steps....Now this is a defective device.  It does not mean that they are all defective.  It's small, it's manufactured overseas, it can break.  Anything can and I want to reasonable.  However, when I am forced to buy your product because you prevent me from using a previously supported product, my expectation is that the new product should work in the same or similar fashion as the previous or you at least offer to fix or replace and obviously bad device.  I agree that my gripe is more with Amazon customer service than the product but the product itself clearly needs review, especially if it's going to be mandated and others blocked..
Nice if you need a very easily portable unit or want to control your computer with it, otherwise if this is for your home TV, flip the extra $30 for the full sized box Fire TV (not stick)!  I don't know why Amazon doesn't give a side to side comparison here but let me help.  The quick run down is the higher end unit has twice as much RAM memory which means it runs faster and has no wait time (no buffering time).  It just starts right up like as if you had cable and keeps running without stop and start.  Second, to use the voice activation commands with the stick you have to setup your cell phone to assist where as the bigger unit has the voice mic built into your remote (more convinient and one less device to worry about).  Better gamming on the larger device than the stick.Want to see more, here you go www.aftvnews.com/amazon-fire-tv-vs-fire-tv-stick-comparison/Don't get me wrong, "I love" this Amazon device and am selling my Roku, Netgear Push2TV3000 units, and others.  I purchase 8 of the larger units at $79 each from BestBuy and "Highly Recommend it".  I may get 1 of these sticks here just to carry with me on business trips for my laptop.  Other than that, just thought I'd help out for those trying to figure out the difference between the two and the bigger unit really isnt that big.  It's only around 5"x5"x0.5" Thin!  It's tiny for as much as it does and a far superior menu system with all the bells and whistles over all the competition and yea, I have them all!  I've been without cable or dish for about 8 years now not ever having any monthly fees at all since!  You'll never need more TV than this offers and if you do, it can always be bought on the side for a fraction of the price (I like the annual MLB channel).Enjoy!
Overall this thing is good. For $39 it's a fair value. As far as I know the only major differences between this and the regular Fire TV is that this does not have included voice search with the remote (you can still use a phone app or buy the voice search remote separately though if you want), and the Fire TV has an ethernet port and audio out for connecting to a home theater. None of that is worth the extra $40+ dollars to me, so I'd recommend this Fire TV stick over the regular Fire TV.I've mostly only used this for Netflix and Youtube but I enjoy it for both. I synced my normal Youtube account to it and then added Youtube videos to my playlist to watch on the Fire TV Stick. I love searching for documentaries on Youtube!Update: Over the last month or so Netflix streaming has performed terribly on this device. I use other devices for Netflix (PS4, Xbox One, and a Sony Blu Ray player) and all perform better than this device is currently performing. The issue is probably lousy wi-fi reception, though I'm not positive. Regardless It's been annoying to the point that I've nearly stopped using it for Netflix. Also there is still no Vudu app. For these reasons I'm lowering my review score considerably and would not currently recommend buying this. I also like that it has it's own menu listing for my Amazon digital movies. It's very simple to scroll down and go through them. I only have a few, but it does make me much more likely to actually watch them now.The one thing that really hurts this device for me (and the reason I won't give it 5 stars) is the fact that it does not have the Vudu app. I buy quite a few Blu Rays and so have many digital copies of all the movies I love, but I cannot access them with this device. If Amazon ever brings Vudu to the Fire TV Stick, then consider this a perfect 5 star review.
I get tired of seeing Amazon promote the fact that they have tens of thousands of movies and TV shows available online, many of which they say are "Free to Prime Members", but when you use this little dongle to access that allegedly HUGE library of content, all you can see is a hundred or so in each category (Movies, TV, Popular, Newest). To make matters worse, there's no way to sort anything -- you have to scroll through titles six-at-a-time in each of their extremely broad categories.Not to mention that virtually every movie I've found that I'd like to watch ... is not "Free to Prime Members". I have to rent it.Hey Amazon ... I'm paying you $99/year for Prime. If I have to pay more for movies, I'll subscribe to Hulu or Netflix or get a Roku box where I can get an unlimited number of movies that really ARE "free" to their "members", as well as live TV and news channels.Also, searching is a PITA with this thing!  You can search for titles, although a lot of popular titles lead to "promotional videos" that are simply 2-minute trailers for the TV shows or whatever that aren't otherwise available.You can't get any contemporary news TV shows. You can't get any live broadcasts (that I could find). You can find a lot of TV shows identified by "Season" number, but there's no indication of WHEN they were first broadcast, leading me to assume they're targeting people who are already familiar with them.At least the movies have release dates on them.But don't expect to be able to search for anything by genre, actor, year, publisher, or anything meaningful. You'll find a boring drama movie just released this year (2014) right next to a classic comedy movie released in the 1980's next to a chic flick from 2004.And they don't even list the TV shows in any particular order. You'll find Season 3 of something, then a while later find Season 9, then later on Season 1 will show up.Maybe this thing was designed as a game to see how many TV shows and Movie titles you can remember and find by thumbing a button back and forth over a grid of letters and numbers...
I will expand only a little on my review of the FireTV. I took advantage of the $19 special for Prime Members and bought the FireTV stick as one of two presents to myself for Christmas. It came attractively and professionally packaged a la the fruit company. In addition to the stick you get the non-voice remote, power connector and cable with HDMI extender as well as batteries for the remote.I didn't opt for the voice remote as I rarely use it on my FireTV. I had it installed and updated in less than 10 minutes. Given I bought it from my Amazon account it was already registered to me. At start up it asks if you want to register as yourself or add a new account. The intro video was changed to reflect the FireTV stick and nowhere did they say FireTV incorrectly. It is a very good intro video BTW so pay attention. It's a nice touch that you can watch it again if need be. The set up also prompts you to connect to your WiFi network which it did without fault.I tried a few apps and installed Plex which works wonderfully with FireTV/Stick. I run a server with most of my media and my old AppleTV was beginning to struggle with these duties. Speaking of media if you upload all of your pictures to Amazon for free you can see them on the FireTV devices.To me the performance was as good as the full FireTV box for a lot less money. I don't play games so I can't comment on that type of performance. It can use a remote or game controller just like the FireTV. You can buy the voice remote, but that is more than the special $19 price for the stick so I opted out.I won't repeat the interface review like I did on the FireTV. It is a bit busy, but you get used to it. My thought are otherwise the same. Good performance at a good price. If you are heavy into the Amazon service this is a no brainer as it lets you easily cruise the Amazon ecosystem such as Prime Videos, Prime Music, Photos or other media you have on Amazon. I do have all my  mp3's on Amazon so I can listen to them through the FireTV/Stick. Other similar devices list over 1500 apps, channels, etc. I only use a few and FireTV/Stick has all of them and so far I am pleased with both devices.
For $20 via Prime pre-order, this is a nice device.  We operate both Apple and Amazon ecosystems, so can compare the two from time to time.  Compared to the $100 Apple TV3 (not really a fair comparison), this Stick, at $20, is a very good high value alternative.  The Stick's interface is not as polished, intuitive or efficient as the ATV, and it does not integrate as well into its Amazon ecosystem as an ATV can with airplay.  And when you consider the outboard dongle and USB power supply, it is no more convenient to physically set up than the puck sized ATV (which hangs on the back of the set).  It also runs much hotter than the ATV.Where the Stick really falls down is in Wi-fi reception quality, which is genuinely hit-or-miss.  We have a high end wireless router with uprated signal power, and were able to eventually focus the Stick to pull a consistent HD quality signal from 35-50 feet.  But the many reception complaints are well founded, even with the most current firmware as of this review date.  The little Stick just does not pull in wireless as well as most pads or phones can.But once locked into a good signal, the Stick seems to operate very quickly and smoothly for the most part.  Picture rendering quality is excellent.  The Fire app works well, even on an iPad, but the voice feature is choppy until it learns your voice.  That Amazon ships the device preconfigured to your account is also a nice plus.  We don't play games, but it comes well equipped with them and has a nice assortment of other apps.  The Netflix app is not anywhere near as polished as that on the ATV, unfortunately.So at $20, this is a really good buy, provided you have a strong and dependable wireless signal.  I absolutely do not recommend this device for marginal or uncertain signal conditions.  At the standard $40 price, the now long in the tooth ATV is still a better value in our opinion, as it does more and more importantly does it better (and it should for 5x the cost).  Had we not received the pre-order price, we would have more strongly considered the full size Fire TV model which might invite a better comparison.  Perhaps the cross-platform comparison is not fair, but having both, we can at least share an honest opinion.Obviously, these Fire streamers are only worth their prices with a Prime membership, and offer no local streaming ability for those with large server or NAS libraries (which the ATV does quite well via iTunes).
I waited till I got to explore this device and customize it to my use.  I have what was the top end (at the time) Roku 2 xs for about three years.  Last year I purchased the Chromecast.  Both devices served me very well for what they were for.  I could run plex on roku but had to have a PC open and another server running to get much use from it.  The Chromecast was fine at flinging hulu, youtube, netflix and the like at the TV but lacked more  options. The Smarthub in the Samsung TV's was slow and feels a little dated.  The Fire TV Stick filled in a lot of gaps and now I am considering adding them to every TV in the house.I have sideloaded some extra apps to the device.  TVMC is my favorite launchpad and can actually replace my hulu subscription completely.  I installed the xfinity app from my tablet and now I have superior picture quality when compared to Dish Network.  It's a little difficult to navigate the xfinity app and requires my tablet to work as a mouse and the Fire remote to select anything.  A new game controller is waiting at a UPS depot here for delivery soon and that problem will be solved (I hope).Now I want to discuss some of what I found of complaints.  The popping and clicking sound some folks have been discussing.  This is caused by the speakers being plugged into the same outlet as the fire stick.  I can't be positive but I think Amazon has used some of the wiring inside the USB cord as antenna.  Don't quote this as fact but I feel strongly this is the case.  So any other device that is throwing off a strong RF might also cause the second complaint about poor connectivity.  I think both of these problems can be resolved by relocating the power supply.  I found this when I placed a USB powered speaker into a hub that the Fire Stick was plugged into.  While doing so did not effect my WiFi, it made terrible noise.  Since the speaker is battery operated I unplugged it and instantly the problem sound was gone.The difficulty with the remote.  I struggled to insert the battery until I happened up on this little trick.  Where the door slides closed.  If you can get your fingernail just barely in that small crack and press down slightly on the door while sliding it back it comes open with the greatest of ease.  This might be easier for us guys.You can add mouses and bluetooth keyboards to this little jewel by sideloading the settings.apk app and launching them from inside the application manager inside the native settings menu.  It really is easier than it sounds. The only thing I have not successfully sideloaded is apps that require play services - like google+ and the play store itself.  That is fine because with the FireADB I can easily send the apps I get through my phone to the Fire Stick in just a minute over the WiFi.I have attached a photo of mine sporting some holiday cheer.
Disappointed. I purchased this primarily to watch Prime Videos. At the time I purchased this product the product  description clearly stated that 30-days free trial Amazon Prime Videos were included with purchase. Well, I  found out after purchasing that this is not the case. I contacted customer service and they assured me that they would fix my account so that I could access prime videos on my account as advertised. However, after waiting for more than a week to fully use the Fire TV stick, I contacted customer service again, only to be told that I would not be getting the prime trial after all. So after months of waiting for delivery, I will be unable to really use this product. I have listed a few product pros and cons below.Pros:**Easy set up- especially if you purchase from Amazon (it comes with your account information already  pre-loaded). Has an initial setup video that plays when you first plug in.**Small stick profile saves space**HDMI extender included (you will probably need it if your tv is wall mounted)**Nice picture and video quality.Cons:**No Amazon Prime Videos despite product details claims.**Remote back cover is difficult to remove in order to add batteries.**No setup/installation guide (I had to watch unboxing videos on YouTube  to make sure I was setting up and removing the remote battery cover correctly)**Doesn't really offer anything that you can't get elsewhere for less money.**NOT Portable, and the size is actually larger than chromecast and roku stick (it is visible . Also, since it requires power cord, it  is not portable or as visually pleasing as roku and chromecast).**Miracast/Screen Mirroring feature only works when home network is off. When I attempted to mirror my kindle to my tv using the stick it would not work while the home network/internet was on. Worked fine when I turned off the network/internet. Unfortunately, that meant that I could not mirror the silk browser from my kindle to my tv.**Stick requires home wi-fi network and does not have wired network capabilities.I got this when Amazon was running a promotion, so I only paid ~$20 for it.  But since it doesn't have all the features advertised, I am thinking about returning it. Without Amazon prime videos, I am not sure how useful it is. There are many other products out there that offer everything this stick has and then some (like roku, or even a blu-ray player). I am not sure it is worth $20, but I definitely would not pay $40 for it. At this point, my initial impression of this device is disappointment. I would not purchase again or recommend to a friend.
By far the worst experience I ever had with any product from Amazon. I wanted to love this device, but all of the positives are completely outweighed by the negative experiences i have thus far. I am a long time Amazon Prime member and when noticed the Fire Stick was on sale for $20 USD i thought it was a no brainer to get the device. This unfortunately is where the good news ends...First and foremost the first device that arrived did not function properly however was quickly replaced by Amazon after some specific troubleshooting did not work. The second unit arrived and was functioning better, but not up the the level I expected.1. The wireless connectivity is not stable- works great wit the 2.4GHz band, with the 5.0 GHz not even showing up until after the initial firmware update- the firmware update takes a long time with the download and install, being that it just arrived I would have expected it to be up to date- after the upgrade the 5.0 GHz band shows up on the list of networks, but drops too often to even start a TV show2. The menu is not intuitive or complete- there is no way to restart the device without hard unplugging it from the wall, how can there not be a reset button and/or option?!?- the parental controls are limited, not allowing you to restrict certain content (by ratings, age, etc)- the option to install additional applications is not readily available through the stick3. Interoperability & Usability- does not seem to work with the highly rated HDMI splitter, although i am still working with support to confirm- no iOS application yet for the remote- overall, if the option to airplay the amazon prime app on my phone was an option I would pay for it rather than use the stickDon't get me wrong, I am not an Apple TV only user, but when it comes to a device that my kids can use it just doesn't fit. I am sure with the next hardware revision this will all be fixed and will be a much better device. The hard part comes where I would need to decide if it was worth the original retail price. At $20 bucks, I am looking for ways to make it worth the investment, if it was $40 bucks - this thing would have been in the first box back to Amazon as defective and not functioning as designed.
So, I have a Roku 3, an older Roku, Chromecast and Fire TV Stick in my home. In order of preference, the devices are Roku 3, Fire TV Stick, older generation Roku, Chromecast. Here is why the Fire TV Stick ranks second. I've had the Stick for around a month now.Pros:Modern version of Netflix, complete with profiles.Best Prime Instant Video browsing experience.Fully functional as a stand alone device.Allows reception of streaming signals from devices, though haven't used that functionality yet. It shows up along with ol' Chromy Dubois (my Chromecast) and Roku boxes from YouTube, etc.Cons:No Vudu, MGo, Play Movies, etc. By default this means I won't be using this in the main rooms of my home. We have a lot of digital movies which won't show up in the lone UV platform for Fire TV (Flixster). By choice of content provider, Fire is the worst of the platforms, even though it will be fine for most consumers.Streaming issues. Netflix is rock solid, Hulu and Prime Instant Video are extremely touchy. The Fire TV Stick is 10 feet from my router and is 5 feet closer to it than my computer in the same room. The Roku 3 is an additional 15 feet away through an additional wall, it can be playing videos from Amazon Prime Instant Video or Hulu with no issues, as can my computer. This is my biggest gripe with the unit. I have reset the cable modem and router and that has not helped the issue.Sometimes the signal from the remote to the Stick gets "stuck" for a second, pressing an arrow 3 or 4 times instead of once.Initial updates to software was annoying, especially reentering passwords. I think I spent about a half hour as it downloaded updates.Neither a pro or con:Allows app installation. So far haven't really needed to do so, installed a couple of things, but using the remote isn't ideal for most apps.Summary:If I had never had a Roku, I'd be blown away by the Fire TV Stick. I got it at the introductory price and for less than $20 it is a total steal, and I wholeheartedly recommend it over the Chromecast. If I need to buy another streaming TV device, it will likely be a Roku, I may pay $10 - $30 more for the box, but it is the better choice for me until Amazon fixes the buffering issues and let me access my content directly from the stick.
one advantage of the PS4 is that you can use a PS Vita to stream a game while someone else uses the TV to watch live TV or do video streaming. Of course, any games running on the PS4 tend to use the entire CPU and GPU to do anything, so you can't actually stream video on a PS4 while the CPU is in use playing a game. The solution is a Fire TV stick, Chromecast, Roku Stick, or so-forth.Of the 3, Chromecast requires a phone or tablet, and doesn't really support Amazon Instant Video. Roku is the most versatile, but the most expensive. The kicker for me was when Amazon offered the FireTV Stick at $19 for Prime customers. That got me to buy pre-order it.Installing the device was a cinch. Plug in the HDMI extender, plug in the Stick, plug in the power supply that's a micro-USB port, and you're done! The device supports Amazon Music, TuneIn, Pandora, and Spotify, as well as playing back Photos and Videos from Amazon's cloud. This is a very nice setup, with the biggest disappointment being that there's no support for DLNA, which is what I actually use at home. There are various apps that claim to support DLNA, but what really happens is that they're really apps for throwing content over from the phone to the stick, rather than a full-on DLNA client, so this doesn't quite make up for the PS4 not being as powerful a media server as the PS3.The UI is fast, and better yet, you can pair your phone via WiFi to the stick and not have to use the remote for text entry. Voice search even sort of mostly works. Playing an Amazon instant video is smooth and quick, though there's missing support for VUDU.For me, the biggest problem is that there's no separate sound output, so you can't get surround sound if you the output from the TV downgrades surround to stereo, which is what most non-Sony TVs do.All in all, the FireTV Stick is a better device than the Chromecast, but not nearly as good as the Roku Stick or standalone players. This is disappointing because from the specifications, the stick is a far more powerful device than any of the other sticks.All in all, at $19 (cheaper than any of the other sticks by far), it's worth while to have as a backup for the scenario I mentioned in the first paragraph above. At full price, I'd give this a pass.
this might work better for others than it did for us. perhaps if we had more bandwidth or a better wireless router it woinkuld work as intended.however, i was surprised that this did not work as we already have a smart TV, meaning it is hooked up to the internet on its own. i got this when it was on special for $20, thinking it would be worth that if it made it a little easier to navigate amazon prime videos. we don't have cable, just a little smart TV for whatever the digital bunny ears pick up and then whatever we can watch for free included in our amazon prime, mostly for our three kids. so we didn't even need the fire tv stick to pick up the internet wirelessly, i just thought it would be worth twenty bucks if it was easier to navigate and access the stuff the kids watch for free through amazon prime.our smart TV connects wirelessly pretty good. there are some times it takes a moment or two to "load", sometimes a bit more, but generally it is just a slight annoyance or it works just fine. we don't have issues with buffering, generally, but every once in awhile we might. so i also thought the TV stick would have better connectivity, quicker connecting time, and get rid of the minor buffering time issues we have.unfortunately, this thing would **barely** connect to the internet, and by barely, I mean, that it took repositioning the stick with the tiny extender to even be able to connect AT ALL, but then that was not enough to stream even a cartoon, ever. and i want to add it took a few solid minutes for it struggle to even connect to the internet, if it would connect at all, and then another few minutes to try, unsuccessfully, to load a video.  we have high speed internet but nothing really crazy, not like google fiber optic internet. but we have a tiny house, the router is like 20 or 25 feet from the TV (it is through a wall in another room), but like i said, the smart TV on its own was able to  wirelessly connect to the internet with no major problems, so i thought this amazon tv stick would be better, but it is worse.so maybe for some people with very high speed internet or a better router, or whose TV is really close to the router, this will work. for us, it seemed like a waste, and i will return it.
My husband and I don't have cable, we watch most things via Hulu or Amazon Instant Video. So we were excited to try the Fire TV Stick instead of hooking up a laptop to the tv. We ordered it in October and the delivery estimate was for January-which was fine, we weren't in any hurry. A couple weeks later, I got an email update: the Fire TV Stick was being shipped sooner!It arrived on December 18th. But there was a problem: It wouldn't give any options for connecting to a wifi network, not even to manually connect to a hidden network or to rescan. Tech support went through a number of troubleshooting options (restarting the stick, rebooting the router, etc), and eventually decided to send another Fire TV Stick. The second one arrived on December 22nd, but it had the same issue: a blank screen that just said "Connect to your network" without listing any options.Tech support went through some of the same checks as before, but this time suggested making the network visible temporarily (we have a hidden network and live in a rural area so no neighbors with signals that reach our house). Instead of messing with our network settings, we made a cell phone into a hot spot.It worked! After making the hotspot, we restarted the Fire TV Stick, and suddenly had options for the network connections: the hotspot network, "connect to another network", and rescan. I was able to manually enter our wifi information, and now the stick works fine without the active hotspot.Using the Fire TV Stick is simple, too. Navigating through the menus and searching is easy with the remote, and I love that trailers are easily accessible for each movie. I've only had it (working) for one day so far; I'll update this review should anything change, but so far it's been a great item.
Before buying the Fire TV Stick, I had been streaming Netflix from my Wii game console. (Lol, sad, I know). I was unemployed for a time and had decided to cut the cord to save money. Got Netflix and the only device I had for streaming to my TV was my Wii. I was actually content with that, I found out that I loved Netflix and did not miss cable TV at all! So now I have a great job but have no desire to go back to cable. I became an Amazon Prime member for even more viewing content. I got the Fire TV stick for the 19.00 deal. And I love my Fire stick! I mean now I can watch my shows in HD, which of course the Wii was incapable of. I had been considering the Google chromecast but when I saw the 19.00 deal for the Fire stick and read about its features (along with comparisons to Chromecast  and Roku) I had to go for it. I did have some issues downloading the software. The stick recognized my account but then gave an error. I had to call tech support and they had me unplug the stick from my TV and the outlet and plug back in after ten seconds or so. Then it downloaded extremely slowly. I thought this thing is never going to work. But it did. I do have some issues every once in awhile where it will pause and reload. But most of the time I can watch for hours with no issues. And a few times I had to unplug and then plug in the power adapter for the stick before my TV got a connection.  But once I do that it is fine for the night. Luckily I have easy access to the power outlet. So no biggie for me.I do have a really old router that I have been using since 2006 so that might account for some of the issues. For me the issues are so minor, I mean for 19.00 I can now watch in HD and I also can watch Project Runway on the Lifetime App. Yay, I used to have to watch it on my iPad. And there are other apps that I have not tried yet. I have not done much with the games either. Too busy binge watching all the great shows! I also like the little remote that comes with the stick. Much rather use that than a phone or tablet.So all in all, the stick may not be perfect every time, but for the most part it works just fine. Maybe I would not be so nonchalant if I had paid 39.99 for it instead of 19.00. I am very happy that I bought the stick and for me it has made my TV experience even better and I don't see myself ever going back to cable TV.Thank you Amazon and Netflix!
I think the Fire TV Stick is going to make me buy new couch. I am turning into a couch potato...I am not sure about this yet because I have just received it in the mail box 31 minutes ago. I opened it and received a gift of a paper cut for my struggle of the box. Was it worth it? YES! Not saying that I would like another paper cut for another device. Those things HURT! But this thing is fast. It zooms right through. I wonder how people can say that it took them 15-30 minutes for hookup with it. The Amazon Fire TV Stick took me a whole 8 minutes 31 seconds to hook up. Yes we timed it. Pulled out our track stop watch and Poof there it went like a Christmas tree it lit up my screen.What is the Amazon Fire TV Stick?Amazon's Fire TV Stick is an HDMI dongle version of the Fire TV set-top media streaming box. It's a very similar product to the Google Chromecast and Roku Streaming Stick.In this SIZE does matter!!!It is 5 inches of length and 1 1/2 inches wide of goodness for the remote. The HDMI Angular adapter is 5 inches long of yumminess. The android cord to connect to the wall is a long 60 inches to connect to USB wall charger. The wall charger is a tiny 1 1/2 inch box to connect to your outlet. All of this deliciousness was included in this for the outstanding price of $39. (Although I received mine for $19 using Amazon Prime.)The smaller the better. Although by the end of the month I will be losing the remote because it is so small. Glad I can have an app on another device. I just find that the Fire TV Stick is not cluttering my TV stand or my kitchen counter with a box the size of a suitcase anymore. Easy as can be.Amazon Fire TV Stick: Specs and featuresThe Fire TV Stick plugs directly into your TV (or a monitor with an HDMI port) and connects to your router so you can stream content over the internet. It comes with services such as Netflix, Amazon Prime Instant Video, Spotify and Plex. See also: Netflix vs Amazon Prime Instant VideoUnlike the Chromecast, the Fire TV Stick comes with a physical remote control but can also be controlled via an Android app. Amazon says the iOS app is coming soon. I am glad I use an android phone at this point. It also is compatible with my Kindle Fire HD 8.9", . (Can we say I am in AWE of Amazon?)If you're not a Prime member, then the Fire TV Stick is a good way of trying the 30-day trial and Amazon access to 200,000 TV episodes and movies, millions of songs, and hundreds of games. (Oh and if you don't have prime you should get it. It pays for itself with 2 day shipping, movies, music, books, and games. You get the point.)Fire TV has four times the storage (8 GB) and twice the memory (1 GB) of the Chromecast. It also features a dual-core processor and dual-band Wi-Fi with multiple input multiple output.Dual-core processor ,8 GB storage, 1 GB RAM, Dolby Digital Plus certified surround sound, Dual-band Wi-Fi (with MIMO), Remote control and HDMI extender included, Video output up to 1080p, Netflix, Amazon Instant Video, Hulu Plus, YouTube, Pandora,  PBS Kids, Watch ESPN, Bloomberg TV, Crackle, Twitch, HBO GO, 200+ games
Does not support Miracast (arguably the best feature of this device) from all devices. And because of that, there is nothing that this device does better than an alternative. Dont waste your money.Edited to include more info:The fire stick does what it is advertised to do - but only barely enough to make the claim. Examples:1. Great for gaming, it has a few games on it, maybe as many as 20? It has the potential for gaming on it, but in actuality, it does not support the entire Android/Amazon appstore library.2. Connect your small screen to the big screen (Miracast) - doesnt work for all devices. Namely ANY modern Windows computer, a fair number of android phones (seriously, google: fire stick miracast problems). The ones that work are the fire phone, the kindle fire for sure - maybe some Samsung devices? Definitely no where near the support that you would expect from a Miracast certified device .3. Voice search that actually works (sold seperately - so I wont review that here).4. Powerful performance - when would you really notice this? During streaming? Its the same across all devices - yes it has more hardware but if this doesnt make a noticable impact - what good is it?As far as access to the Prime library of movies and music - you definitely do not need this stick to provide access to those - the chromecast does it, Amazon has apps on the Android for it, most "smart" devices have apps for it. So, ultimately, there is nothing this fire stick does that cant be done (possibly even done better) elsewhere.Ultimately yes, it does what it says - just like the MPG rating you see on cars is what you should expect to get, or the space advertised on a harddrive is exactly how much you are going to have available.
Let me start off with saying the stick has the potential to be the best streaming stick yet. However, the stick is riddled with annoyances.  The biggest for me is the miracast functionality is terrible, it doesn't work with Windows 8.1 whatsoever and if I get it to work with my galaxy s4,  after long waiting screens, the sound won't play through my TV,  this may be due to user error but I have tried all the settings I can think of to fix the issue to no avail.  The app selection is minimal, but with big names like Netflix, Hulu, Plex, HBO go, Espn, I heart radio, Pandora, Spotify (connect), Vevo, and Amazon Prime-Music/Prime-video you may not notice the lack of other selections. For me, not having a dedicated YouTube app is a gamechanger, all you get is the Internet TV version you can access on any mobile Web browser, the interface is less than ideal but the casting works just like chromecast. Even when the TV is off, assuming your dongle is connected to the power block and not the TV and you have already paired your device with the stick, you can open YouTube on your phone, tablet, or laptop, select videos and cast as you would on a Google brand product. Gaming, so much potential, so little effort given from amazon. With less than 5 enjoyable free to play games the stick is slacking, it would be better and more games would be available if you were to purchase the $40.00 Amazon brand game pad, but at that price with the $40.00 price tag of the stick you might as well buy the recently reduced $80.00 Fire TV which will let you use use an old Xbox controller, a keyboard and other USB connected devices. I read that you may be able to connect a Bluetooth controller, so I went out and purchased a universal android 2.3+ gamepad, after much fumbling around with it, I gave up as I the FTVS wouldn't even recognize the thing. If Amazon would open up the FTVS and maybe even create a keyboard specifically for it, I would enjoy it more, and you probably would too, if you're looking to purchase the FTVS, I would hold off, it just seems like it's in a beta phase right now and Amazon is seeing if they can make it as little like android as possible.
So with 7,000+ reviews I’m sure that you get the gist of what this product does. I will go into the product summary but before I do I wanted to share an experience that I had that might help you down the road. The issue is if you are traveling and forgot  your remote or if you lost it and are stuck at the connection screen this  strategy may  work:Situation: Fire Stick remote lost, fire stick remote forgotten.Issue: If  you don’t have the remote  and you aren’t connected to WiFi then you can’t use the FireTV(stick) app. This app operates off of Wifi, therefore if your stick isn’t connected to Wifi you can’t control it.I called Amazon and they said that I was flat out of luck. Home for the holidays with no way to spread the joy of family movies with my family. Sad sad sad.Resolution – If your phone is equippred with an IR blaster, you can use your phones IR to control the fire stick. It’s basic but it’s enough to get you signed into a WiFi connection, once you do that you can use the FireTV(stick) app again!I have the Note4 and I used the Smart Remote app.1) Select the TV type that you have make sure that the remote can power on and off the TV.2) Put “I  don’t have a cable box”.3) The second icon on the top right has a little remote, click that.4) On the middle right there is a little arrow. Slide that out5) You should have a little D-Pad. Up, Down, left, right and okay. These buttons will control the fire stick.6) (Optional) Hit up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right to both celebrate your victory and bring back fond memories of the beginning of Mortal Kombats blood code.As for the fire stick review:I like it a lot for $20. There are more apps coming out that allow you to cast material like the Chromecast. That was my main gripe with it. The interface is insanely easy and I wouldn’t recommend using the stock remote at all. The Phone app (Fire specific app, not the Smart remote App) works wonders. Voice recognition is superb (another MK reference, it’s just one of those days) and the execution of the entire interface is a flawless victory (too many?).I may have yet to figure it out fully but my main issue with the device is lack of selectivity  with the voice recognition. For example, I said “holiday movies” and all possible holiday movies showed up. They only showed up for Amazon (not Netflix) and furthermore they  didn’t immediately distinguish which were free, paid, or simply ones that you needed to order. Secondly I quick handed the buttons and wound up purchasing something by mistake. I emailed amazon and they credited me but not before saying that they usually don’t credit these things. I’d like to see a 5 minute refund window in which erroneous purchases could be cancelled after purchasing for 5 minutes.All in all it’s a cool device to play with. I bought it for $20 so it wasn’t a significant financial investment. I would recommend it to anyone that enjoys prime movies and wants an easy quick way to watch Netflix.Please feel free to ask questions below. I will update this review in a few months if I feel that something has changed enough to warrant. I take pride in my reviews and hope that you found this helpful.Happy Shopping!
Had this baby up and running within 3 minutes of opening the box.  The best part so far is that no sign in was required.  Amazon had programmed my info into it prior to shipment.  So when it fired up, it asked if I wanted to sign in as ....  It's the small stuff like that which makes me love this little device.  Not having to use a remote to sign in with a long email and complicated password does make a big difference...at least for me.Within 1 minute of booting up I was watching a stupid this is how it works video that I couldn't bypass.  I found the Watch ESPN APP and within seconds was watching Denver vs. Cincinnatti.  Still watching it, crystal clear reception which I can't say for my Apple TV TONIGHT  that kept giving me playback issues.  Did I mention no additional login for ESPN NEEDED?  ie cable TV provider login not required.  It just went straight to full access to ESPN!2 problems.  The remote needs to light up.  I watch TV in the dark and although the remote has 6 buttons, I need to see them.  Also, I don't like the power option of mini USB to USB power supply.  I got lucky and my power strip is just barely close enough.  I had no idea this thing needed plugged in.  I just thought it got the power from the TV.I have a 3D LG TV and this device will Simplink to it meaning just going to the input will turn on the TV and device at the same time.  Love that too.So far, all movies and TV shows on Prime have been as "instant" to play as possible.  Meaning, as soon as I hit play, the movie or show starts.But I still love my stick and can't wait for more apps.  Loving the NFL Now and Hulu Plus apps also.
Update 2/15/15:Freezing is back on Netflix.  Buy the FireTV box or a roku.  The stick is terrible.____________Amazon exchanged the stick and power adapter.  Yes, defective exchanges will be just the stick and just the power adapter separately.Buzzing/freezing is still gone.  The video/audio sync issues seem to be fixed, but now I still get a very tiny pause in the exact same times on certain netflix video.  For the price I paid $20, I'm going to keep it; however, if you a picky about perfect streaming video and have to pay $40 MSRP, get something else._________Spoke too soon.  Now instead of freezing/buzzing, the streaming video will slow down for a few seconds but the audio remains perfect.  It then goes back to normal until it does it again in 30 minutes or so.  Zero streaming issues, zero buffering issues, local vs internet streaming does the same thing, etc.  I have two and both are doing this.  Have to send them back and look for better devices._____________Replaced the supplied adapter with a 5V 2A one.Buzzing and freezing?  Gone.Remote control glitches / ghost presses that I thought was just normal?  Gone.So far things have improved but I'm going to keep testing for it._______________Every ~40 minutes I get a very noticeable buzz along with a screen freeze and then the video resumes normally.  You can't ignore it and it completely removes you from whatever you were watching.  This happens over and over after about the same amount of time passes.It isn't my wireless network nor my internet connection.  A quick google search reveals that the probable source of the freezing is that the power supply provided is causing the issue.  The solution is to use a different USB power source or go against the explicit instructions in the manual and plug it into a USB port on the TV.  Well I don't have a usb port on the TV so I am screwed and must listen to this buzz.  Hopefully I can send these back.Everything else is great.  The UI, the wireless range, the apps, etc.  Everything is great except for the buzz / freeze every single 40 minutes you watch.
I don't understand why Amazon support was so difficult to work with in this instance. I've never had problems working with them before.The device behaves as follows: Device initializes/boots, prompt to press the play/pause button to continue, scans and finds available WiFi networks, I select my WiFi network and enter the correct password for authentication (all other wireless devices in my household connect successfully, so yes it is the correct password), the device states it successfully connected, and it checks for updates.Note: At this point there may be an issue as it just moves right along as it found no updates.Next the device asks me to select my Amazon account or to use a different account, and I select my Amazon account. The device states "successfully registered". The next screen is "checking network speed" after this it displays a blank screen for several minutes with no error messages, codes, etc. It displays nothing.The device reboots, and redirects back to the very first screen (press play/pause to continue) as though it is starting up for the very first time. Then it proceeds to go through the exact same first-time initialization steps that I just outlined.I spoke with Amazon support, and they walked me through the motions of basic troubleshooting. I have disconnected and reconnected the device several times with and without the HDMI extender/adapter. I have power cycled my network several times. I have tried the device in two different TVs, on every HDMI port available. I even tried with and without the HDMI adapter on all of those ports, and power cycled my network during that process several times.It behaves the same way every time. I even requested an exchange, and instead I received an email from Amazon stating I should try to troubleshoot the device by power cycling the network which I already did. They also recommend checking for updates through the settings menu, but as I already pointed out I haven't been able to get past the initial setup! I can't get the the HOME screen.I'm returning the device, and I guess I'll stick with my Roku which works perfectly fine connected via WiFi on my network.
We have only been using the fireTV stick for about 2 weeks, but overall we are very impressed by this device.  We have used similar devices including a roku 3 and a google chromecast to primarily view Netflix, Amazon streaming or Hulu.  While this won’t replace a HTPC, I would say the kindle TV stick performance and design wise is comparable to the roku 3 and superior to the google chromecast and is a reat value for the price.The fire TV stick has a fairly large list of compatible applications and so far we haven’t had any issues. Roku currently seems to have a slightly larger library of channels/apps, but I believe the stick has ~99% of the ones we actually use and runs in a similar manner. Not surprisingly where the fire TV stick excels is the integration with the amazon video streaming service.  The roku app for the amazon network works ok, but we occasionally have lags or have to return to the home screen which we have not seen with the kindle tv stick.  I won’t even compare the google chromecast, since you have to mirror a device just to see the amazon video service and that was laggy and almost unwatchable when we have tried it. Speaking of mirroring a tablet, the fire stick seems to sync well to my kindle fire hdx, but we have not used this feature extensively or with other devices.While the stick has less memory and hardware than the fire TV full unit or roku it has not felt like a limitation yet, but again we use the stick mostly for streaming movies and not games or other functions.  Of all of our devices the fire stick has been the easiest to setup, and for a first time user I would think the video tutorial would have been beneficial.The included remote is a strong positive and the simple design meets all of our interface needs. For those who prefer to use their phone or universal remote that apparently is an option, but for us we prefer having the dedicated remote kept with the stick so that kids don’t have to go looking for another device.Our biggest complaint is the design of the stick’s power supply.  This device has a micro-usb input on the side of the device that has to be plugged into an outlet and cannot be plugged directly into the TV USB  (unlike the chromecast).  I am guessing that they did not want the plug on the back of the device since they thought it might create a space constraint, but on all the TV’s having the cord on the side limits which HDMI inlet we can use and looks awkward.  Having to use an outlet wouldn’t be a huge issue, but with the short cord provided it was an extra annoyance and distracts from a device that otherwise would tuck hidden behind a tv.  While not a major complaint, this is something that I think could be improved on and is part of the reason I can’t give this device 5 stars.
After five hours of use, I like it... but adopting some of the actions used by satellite providers would make it awesome.First - SET-UP was incredibly EASY.  The booklet (5x8 trifold) is clear and concise.  But it really is intuitive.  Plug, plug and plug. That's it.  I had no issue with the Fire Stick power interface complained by several folks.  (It could be the old, "do you need a 90 degree or 270 degree interface" issue.)  The power cord drops directly down from the Flash Drive/WiFi. What took longest was looking up and keying in the password for my network.  The system handshake and software/firmware update were very fast.  Appreciated the introductory video, mostly for the explanation of what to expect when the HOME screen appears.Second - TV/Movies. Have done some exploring and watching.  I like the way I can so QUICKLY BROWSE TITLES.  Really like the DELETE OPTION for their recommendations.  Haven't found a "search" option yet - no, I'm not going to leave my voice in Amazon's cloud - but I expect to find it soon.  I like the GENRE BREAKDOWN for TV.  The cross-filing of "Falling Skies" under Action/Adventure and SciFi/Fantasy is good and demonstrates the thought which went into the menu design.  (A benefit of being part of of Fire TV Mark III.)  The documentary option was an wonderful surprise.  A selection there was my first choice.  Love that CLOSED CAPTIONS are available.  I can keep the volume from screaming and keep up with what's happening.  Like the various options for size and color of font, and background.  Working through the options was a little frustrating, but doable. Just keep hitting right arrow and select.  You'll eventually get what what you want.Third - Music. Again, some exploring and listening.  ACCESS to PERSONAL MUSIC is fast and easy.  Like the option of shuffle play.  Like that the MUSIC IDENTIFIERS -- album title, as well as song and musician info -- are readily apparent.  Don't like the STATIC PICTURE (changes every second or third song) and the permanent imprint of Now Playing; Show Song List; album cover on the screen for the duration of playlist/album is horrible.For software engineers:  please do something similar to satellite companies (or play CDs on a BluRay player) work music and radio channels... show the initial info for about one minute then fade to black. New song - info goes on the screen for about 15 seconds, then fade to black.  If someone wants to recall the info pressing any button should bring the screen back to light.  That will save customers:  -1- viewing singer's open mouth (yes, they're really using that kind of picture.) on the screen for 5-7 minutes,  -2- bandwidth (yeah, some of us don't have unlimited bandwidth), and  -3- prevent / minimize inadvertent burn-in for older TVs and plasmas.  This is especially a concern if the music option is used often.Hope this has been helpful.  Will update as I learn more.  Happy Christmas!  Happy Hanukkah!
As a Prime member I got this for half off, and I've been using it every day for the past 10 days. It works well, but I'm not all that impressed. Some reviews seemed to imply it would be better than a Roku; in my opinion it's not.Physically, it's power cable connects to one side which, with the way my Panasonic is built, means the power cord is vertical, putting stress on it.The remote is nice but sometimes when I push the navigation button, instead of moving one spot to the next icon/image, it sometimes moves 2, 3, or 4 spots. In keeping with that, the Roku 3 remote has the ability to click the navigation button fast forward button and the cursor moves one screen, thus making it faster to scroll through programming.I do like the Amazon Prime Video user interface better using the Fire TV Stick than the Roku because when I pause a program the image is clear, with no "phantom page," that is, a darkened screen with programming info that interferes with whatever is on the screen that caused me to pause it.Amazon changed the Roku UI from a clear screen to the darkened screen, and it's a nuisance. It's now difficult to distinguish those tidbits of programming info that could once be seen.Also, since I watch mostly stuff on my watch list, it's annoying to have to scroll down to it when on the home screen. My watch list should be at the top of the home screen.Edit: This addition will also be placed under my review of the Amazon Prime Video, and in an email to Amazon.The device freezes, requiring me to reset it too often. Further, now that there are ads through this device, it'll be put back in the box and put away.The TV Stick user interface seems to be getting worse. Recently I went to watch an Amazon show pilot, and was greeted with a screen that said the show was brought to me by Geico. I backtracked out of the show and didn't watch it. I don't do ads, and my Prime subscription is not supposed to include ads.Then last night I was going to watch an old Doctor Who episode, and when I clicked on the episode's icon I was urged to install Vudu and watch it on Vudu. Initially I thought Amazon must have changed the season to pay-per-view, but I was wrong. The Vudu ad was simply an icon placed before the regular Prime icon, so I had to just scroll over to the next icon.I noticed that every other icon was for Vudu. Again an ad.Fortunately, this has not (yet) been the case using the Roku 3, but Amazon has already messed up the Roku interface as well, just not with ads (yet).
Generally I like it and didn't want to give it just 3 stars because we did get it when it was offered for just twenty dollars definitely making it a great value. BUT, there are several cons we've found in the two weeks since it arrived. We have had serious connectivity issues and finally had to use the included HDMI extender because the WiFi connectivity was junk when it was connected straight into the TV (I guess the TV blocked the signal some - it is a wall mounted TV and we used the side input), now the connectivity is fine but the stick hangs out and is sloppy looking, which we could have just kept the computer connected if we wanted things hanging out the side of the television. If it had cost us full price I probably would have sent it back for this reason alone. We also dislike that there isn't an HBO app so we still have to hook up the computer (although we did know that when we purchased it).As far as pros, it is nice that it frees the up the computer, has HuluPlus and Netflix and the Netflix app is a more recent version than the one on our old bluray player that doesn't allow for more than one user. We don't use any of the games so I can't attest to that, and the remote TV app for my phone makes navigation nearly as easy as on a computer. The remote app on the phone will not wake up the stick however so the remote can't be put away which is another nuisance.For $20, it was a great deal, but it doesn't have great connectivity (despite being dual-band), it does keep us from having to replace a still functioning bluray player with one that has updated apps, and I am interested in seeing how it works when hooked into the stereo receiver instead of the TV if we ever get that set back up.
Incredibly Disappointed in Amazon & the Fire TV Stick & the Remote & the TV App & the Smartphone AppShipping1) The shipping was a nightmare.Amazon sent the package via FedEx, which has a contract with the US Post Office (as does UPS).Instead of FedEx (and UPS) driving to every delivery address, they use the Post Office "SmartPost" service to deliver small, light items that will fit in a regular mail box.http://www.fedex.com/us/smart-post/outbound.htmlThat saves time, money, fuel, etc for FedEx (and UPS) since the Post Office is already going to every address.FedEx drops a trailer of packages off at the Post Office for them to deliver to your mail box.>>> The problem is FedEx will not deliver the trailer to the Post Office until it is full (or some percentage of full, maybe 75% full?).  They do not want to move a large trailer that only has a handful of packages.  So, your package will sit for an unknown amount of time at some FedEx warehouse (called "hubs") until it is full enough. I do not think you are not allowed to go to the warehouse to get the package.2) My package sat nearby undelivered for 8 days (Dec 10th to Dec 18th.)In addition, there was six days of repeated scans saying "In transit to pickup location" but the package never actually moved from the FedEx Houston warehouse. They were simply re-scanning it.3) While I am not happy about the FedEx - Post Office delivery debacle, I am most mad at Amazon.  I did everything right. I clicked all the provided links to see how the free shipping worked, but they never told me out this "SmartPost" service.a) Amazon should provide a link to the FedEx SmartPost web page so I could be a better informed consumer about what the service is.  That way I could decide if I wanted to use it or pay for another delivery option.b) I could have search online (search for "Post Office SmartPost") to see what others had said about SmartPost.c) I would have seen the scathing reviews of how terrible the service is and gone a different route.4) They also gave me two different delivery dates, both of which they missed - Dec 11th and again Dec 19th.I feel lied to.  I HATE being lied to.  Do not state a date if you can't actually make the delivery date (baring any natural disasters, of course).  After all, on-time delivery is the business FedEx is in.5) Amazon offered "FREE No-Rush Shipping (5 business days)  Get a $1 credit for eBooks, digital music and videos. Details" which I selected.6) I clicked on the Detail link, which says what you get for using the the No-Rush Shipping, but does not say how the shipping service works, i.e. what carriers are used, how long it might take, potential issues you as a consumer may want to be aware of, etc.Detail link:  https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?ie=UTF8&nodeId;=201635990&pop-up;=1&ref;=ox_shipoption_promodetailsOn the Detail page there is a link to "Terms and Conditions," which I clicked and read.  I gives more information, but still does not say how the shipping service works.Terms and Conditions link: https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201537730December 20, 2014, 1:56 pm, (redacted) TX USDeliveredDecember 20, 2014, 1:42 am, (redacted) TX USPackage has been transferred to the USPS and will be delivered by your local postal officeDecember 18, 2014, 4:45 am, (redacted) TX USIn transit to pickup locationDecember 18, 2014, 3:51 am, Fedex Smartpost Houston TX USPackage has left the carrier facilityDecember 18, 2014, 3:51 am, Fedex Smartpost Houston TX USIn transit to pickup locationDecember 17, 2014, 4:52 pm, Fedex Smartpost Houston TX USPackage arrived at a carrier facilityDecember 12, 2014, 7:16 am, Houston TX USIn transit to pickup locationDecember 11, 2014, 7:15 pm, Houston TX USIn transit to pickup locationDecember 11, 2014, 7:14 am, Houston TX USIn transit to pickup locationDecember 10, 2014, 7:13 pm, Houston TX USIn transit to pickup locationDecember 10, 2014, 7:12 am, Houston TX USIn transit to pickup locationDecember 9, 2014, 6:59 pm, Houston TX USIn transit to pickup locationDecember 9, 2014, 2:28 am, Nacogdoches TX USIn transit to pickup locationDecember 8, 2014, 2:19 pm, Jonesboro AR USIn transit to pickup locationDecember 8, 2014, 1:54 am, Bloomington IL USIn transit to pickup locationDecember 7, 2014, 7:34 pm, Joliet IL USIn transit to pickup locationDecember 7, 2014, 7:33 am, Joliet IL USIn transit to pickup locationDecember 7, 2014, 7:33 am, Joliet IL USPackage arrived at a carrier facilityDecember 6, 2014, 12:16 am, Fedex Smartpost Indianapolis IN USPackage has left the carrier facilityDecember 6, 2014, 12:16 am, Fedex Smartpost Indianapolis IN USIn transit to pickup locationDecember 5, 2014, 8:24 pm, Fedex Smartpost Indianapolis IN USPackage arrived at a carrier facilityDecember 5, 2014, 5:04 am, USPackage has left seller facility and is in transit to carrierFire TV StickThe Fire TV Stick (the part that plugs into the back of your TV) and the remote (that you hold in your hand) are both clearly a beta version!  It seems like no one tested its functionality.7) The Fire TV Stick often takes 5-10 seconds to react to a button push on the remote.8) The Fire TV Stick is slow to download. You will see the "waiting icon" (a circle going around and around).  I recently upgraded from 50 Mbps to 75 Mbps.  My laptop and cell phone connect wirelessly through the same high speed router and high speed cable modem and they both get 75 Mbps or better.  The highest speed so far is 81 Mbps download and 7.5 Mbps upload.9) The Fire Stick remote is a poor design.a) It is too thin in my hand.  It needs more volume/thickness (but not weight) to feel more secure.b) The center "select" button is >really< sensitive.  It is to easy to brush it and accidentally select something you do not want.c) The outer ring is used to navigate around the screen (up, down, left, right).  The outer navigation ring is really thin and is so shallow that I am constantly accidentally selecting something (by brushing the center "select" button) while trying to move around the screen. It is is incredibly frustrating. I have to constantly go back to get out of what was accidentally selected.10) The Fire TV Stick app on the TV screen is clumsy and awkward.  Since this device was new to me I added a bunch of apps to be able to check them out.  I went into Apps section and added about 10 screen saver apps, 10 games and about 40 channels (Netflix, HuluPlus, Newsy, etc.).11) I do not see any way to re-arrange the order of the apps.  So I have to scroll past the screen savers and the games to get to Netflix and Hulu.  The apps are in order of most recently added to oldest.  Since I added Netflix and Hulu first (making them the oldest by a few minutes) I have to click through about 60 icons to get to the beginning of the list to the Netflix icon.12) You cannot scroll in the reverse direction to wrap around to the first app (Netflix).  The reverse direction simply backs you out of the Apps category to the main Fire TV Stick list (Home, Apps, Settings, etc.).- On my Roku device I can scroll around and it wraps around from the last channel icon back to the beginning one.- On my Roku device the channel icons are displayed as three icons across (so I can move left or right) and stacked in multiple rows of three (so I can move up and down a row of three at a time) with seven rows of three displayed at a time (the row I am on in the middle and three more rows above and three more rows below).  This is vastly more efficient and much more visually appealing than the Fire TV Stick of one long row.13) The Fire TV remote app only lets you search, but not browse through movies and TV shows.
Of the cheap streaming sticks out there I like this one the best. It brings "smart" features to cheap HDTVs that don't already have the functionality and is self-contained, not requiring a portable device to provide content for it (looking at you, Chromecast). The video selection is fantastic given that you have access to Prime (out of the box) and Netflix (with the Fire TV app). The game selection is good enough for a lazy post-dinner break in the evening.The controller is nicely built but feels cheap and plasticky, too lightweight in your hand. The round control "wheel" is a bit misleading as it is not a wheel but rather just four directional buttons - my internal ex-iPod user kept trying to turn the wheel to adjust volume, which sadly I could not. For what it's worth, though, the controller is very responsible and works when you want it to. The menus and interfaces on-screen compliment it nicely by being snappy and obedient.As for many of these these streaming sticks I really wish there was a way of adjusting volume directly from the stick without having to use a universal remote or my television remote. If someone can explain to me why this hasn't already been implemented please let me know, as it boggles my mind.For some reason, the Fire TV Stick is finicky when it comes to powering it. It would not accept the USB power draw from my HDTV itself, and rather needed to be plugged into a wall outlet separately. This is the biggest nuisance I have with the Fire TV Stick - you want to believe that it is just a little stick you plug into your TV's rear and forget about - but what ruins every portable is having to bring along a charger, and the same thing happens here. Obviously a minor complaint for a cheap device that works so well.Having experienced both Apple TV and Chromecast, I miss the ability to cast things to the Fire TV Stick. At the end of the day, this is less of a streaming stick for me than it is a "Smart Hub" equivalent for a cheap HDTV, and it does that job just fine. For the price, you can't really go that wrong.
I own an Apple TV, a Google Chromecast, and just got the Fire TV stick.The Fire TV stick is a great deal for the money.  I'll start off by saying that I mainly have apple products, so in general the Apple TV fits best into my household.  It also compares more closely to the Fire TV, so I may reference it briefly, but in general I'm not going to use it too much for comparison.Pros:  The Fire TV stick is fast!  Theres negligible UI lag, and everything feels very well put together.  There are not only the apps that come with the stick, but you have all the apps that are available on the Amazon App store.  The picture quality is good, as is the sound.  The build quality seems very good as well.  I've had no issues with netflix or the amazon video store -- my two primary uses.  I have yet to run too many apps on it, but I will.Big Pro:  Because its an Android device, you can sideload other android apps on it pretty easily (read: Kodi)  This is really the killer feature for me, as I can watch all the media that this makes available.Cons:  The device is power hungry.  The chromecast I can plug into my TVs USB port for power, which is very convenient.  The Fire TV needs more power, and actually doesn't work off the USB port.  Same with my sister's TV.  We both had to use the included power supply.  Its not big, or poorly made -- Its just a shame to have to use an extra power outlet when I have so few to spare.  Also the device mirroring doesn't work with iOS right now.  On the apple TV i have AirPlay, which is the best experience.  On the Chromecast, I can mirror many apps.  I can do none of that on the Fire Stick.  If you dont care, great -- but I wouldn't use this as my only device purely for the reason that I use mirroring for so much off my laptop or phone.
tl;dr:Don't purchase this if you are in a college that does not allow you to broadcast your own wifi network or if you plan to use in hotels while traveling. There is no support for Enterprise WPA2 protocols or web browser login.If you have your own router (i.e., a regular home wifi network), you should have no problems, whatsoever.Long Version:I purchased this device for no frills media access to my Prime account and Netflix.My college campus wifi policy prevents me from broadcasting my own network, but I figured this wouldn't be an issue, since my college broadcasts two separate networks: one using WPA2 Enterprise PEAP and one connecting by WPA2 PSK combined with a web browser login.On initial setup, I noticed that the main wireless network (WPA2 Enterprise) didn't show up at all. I then tried to connect to the normal WPA2 PSK network, but since there wasn't a web browser to enter my credentials, I didn't have access to the internet. I was stuck at the setup screen, since without an internet connection, the setup process wouldn't move forward.At this point I emailed Amazon support about web browser login and data usage. The numbered lines are my questions.== EMAIL ==Me: 1. Fire TV Stick doesn't see the network at allAmazon Rep: In this case, I'd like to know if its [sic] personal network. If you don’t see your network, I'd request you to follow the below steps :> From the Home screen, select Settings, select System, and then select Wi-Fi.> Select Available Networks, you’ll see a list of available wireless networks.> If you are not viewing any network, Select Join Other Network or Rescan.Me: 2. Unable to access a web browser.Amazon Rep: You cant [sic] connect to the WiFi since we don't have login for browser.Me: 3. How much data is transmitted during setup?Amazon Rep: Data transmission depend up on the speed and package, so we will not be able to predict the data usage.== END EMAIL ==The parental controls settings menu option actually says that it can be used to restrict purchases and web browser access. It's interesting that the web browser is missing, however.To anyone looking to tether to get past initial setup, the initial download uses 672MB to show an hd tutorial video that cannot be skipped. If you turn off your data immediately after it lets you through the wifi setup menu, you can probaby avoid most of the download, however. I didn't do this, and thus wasted about a fourth of my month's data.I spoke with customer support on the phone as well, and I got bounced around a few times by technicians reading scripts. They kept telling me to check for interference, make sure I've entered the passphrase correctly, and other general wifi troubleshooting tips. Even at the higher level support, I wasn't given any usable advice. They kept suggesting I contact my ISP to fix the issue, even though it's a network I have no control over.Because it's possible to enable developer options and adb over network, it's hypothetically possible to work around the connectivity issues. I successfully installed the lastest firefox on the Fire TV Stick over adb on a tethering network broadcasted by my phone. However, note that text entry support is pretty much nonexistent. Even if you install a third party keyboard (AOSP Keyboard from F-Droid), unless you also build the AOSP Settings app from source and install it, there's no way to enable the additional input method. You can send an input method switch command (`adb shell input keyevent 63`), but without activating the keyboard, you won't be able to use it. In any case, I couldn't authenticate, even with the web browser open at the correct page and adb sending a text stream. It kept glitching on me. (Keep in mind that this is only with firefox, an unapproved app for running on this device. Text entry was fine, although painfully slow, in the regular UI.)If you have a router lying around, it might be possible to use the remote control android app. Unfortunately, I was using my phone as the network, so the app wasn't able to see the Fire TV Stick. This might be a solution to the text entry difficulties, but I couldn't test it.I'm sure someone more experienced with android would be able to get these working (or somehow enable WPA2 Enterprise -- is there an app for that?), but at this point, it's more trouble than it's worth for me.I've always had good customer service from Amazon in regards to shipping and purchases, but it seems their technical support is lacking in cases beyond troublehooting simple user errors or faulty hardware.To think I purchased this so I could avoid having to set up silverlight through wine on my linux computer. That is much simpler than trying to work around the limitations of this device.
Really Disappointed!Now I'm definitely a prime user and a power user of streaming content with Tivo, Roku, etc. boxes already in my daily mix.  I picked up the Fire stick primarily due to the $19 introductory deal for prime users and then ONLY because it was MIRACAST certified which is something I had been wanting to mirror my android and windows displays on the big screen.  Honestly MIRACAST was the one reason it made it worth adding yet another device to my mix as I can get to prime fine from Roku, Tivo or web.It took forever to arrive as it was a pre-order but the usage I read about while waiting didn't look good.  I got it last week but by that time it was fairly clear that to Amazon 'Miracast Certified' means 'we kinda sorted used miracast technology to support screen casting between our devices and only our devices'.  So it sat and the bag unopened... and I wrote an earlier version of this review as a rant to that effect.So, tonight I got it out and put it through its paces.  What it does well but there are two glaring omissions.  But to be fair I'll highlight the good first.The GoodThe install and setup are easy.  Definitely use the USB to power wall-wart. TV USB ports don't have enough power to drive it past the 'Amazon' boot screen.  It came already registered to my amazon account which made setup a breeze but really glad I didn't decide to give it as a gift.  Netflix was a quick and easy setup as well.  The device was slow for the first couple minutes then got zippy.  I'm guessing it was setting things up and downloading content.  After that there was no noticable lag.  The remote is nifty and apple like.  I already notice it caching content... I played a bit of a movie, exited out and went back to it later and it started immediately without having to rebuild the stream cache.  Both the netflix and amazon players use the preferred (by me) method of playing video at lower quality if they have to while building up a cache then improving quality.  Tivo doesn't do this in their streaming apps which can cause pauses early on until it gets a cache established.The BadThe big one for me is that THIS DEVICE IS NOT MIRACAST certified.  It doesn't work with my android or Windows tablets or windows computers that support miracast.  Google this for more info.  Saying this is Miracast Certified amounts to false advertising in my opinion and if I'd paid more than $19 for this it would be going back in a heartbeat on this issue alone.But that's not the other deal breaker for me.  There is no VUDU app or any other way to play ULTRAVIOLET titles on the Fire stick.  I can understand Amazon wanting to keep control of their ecosystem and not offer ways to play movies purchased other places.  Hell, apple lives by that credo... which is why I don't use their products anymore.  But considering that Ultraviolet versions of movies are included with most DVD/BluRay purchase made in the past few years not supporting their libraries is pretty much asking them to go elsewhere.  I have 50+ UV videos and have only been paying attention to them for a year or so.  In Other Words...  IF I CAN'T PLAY MY ULTRAVIOLET MOVIES ON YOUR STREAMING HARDWARE THEN ITS NOT MY STREAMING SOLUTION PERIOD.  Doesn't really matter how much I use prime or want to rewatch the 2 movies I bought the streaming version from Amazon.The GeekyThis is an android OS device at its core.  You can turn on debugging and allowing apps from unknown sources so you may be able to play with development on this thing.  Haven't delved deep enough to try loading an app although it would have to be done via the web as there is only one USB port and its used for power.So the bottom line...  if you want this to Miracast, go elsewhere.  The belkin stick or latest Roku devices.  If you have a UV library you can't play it here, so unless you want 2 solutions look elsewhere.  If you are a prime user and only buy into the amazon eco system then this is great, really cool, go get it.
I was hoping that this would eliminate using one my my Blu-Ray Players for streaming, but that will not be the case.To start, the UBS "power cable" is rather short and required the use of and extension cord. Not a big deal, but short sighted on the developers. Also the 90 degree angle on the power plug that the UBS cable goes into would mean that plugging it into a surge protector would require it to be plugged into the bottom spot or it would take up two spots. Again, not a big deal, but short sighted on the the developers. Once hooked up the setup was easy which was nice. After that, things went down hill. After downloading the Netflix app and getting that up and running the video quality is rather poor. Within a five minute span, it can go from great quality to bad to OK and then back to great to OK and then bad again in no particular order. This happens continuously... never ending. Annoying when trying to watch a movie. Has nothing to do with my internet or wireless network as other wireless streaming devices (four of them) do not have this issue. Thinking this might have something to do with Netflix, I tried Amazon Prime Video and had the same results.The Stick also lags from buttons pressed on the remote. You can push a button and nothing happens to you push it again and again and again.... then the Stick responds to each button press scrolling past what you were actually wanted to select. Dumb.I was hoping to recommend this to people new to online streaming, but I defiantly will NOT be. This would be a horrible first experience in streaming due to the video quality. This would defiantly turn new people off from streaming video.Maybe things will improve with time, but who knows. Until it does, the ONLY THING I would use this for would be taking with on trips and still being able to watch streaming TV at places that have WiFi. Even then, I might not take the time to hook it up.I purchased it for $20. If I paid full price, it would be getting returned immediately.*If things get better I will update my review*
UPDATE [9/7/15] (4 STARS)Okay, I've been using my Fire TV Stick for about a year now and it has been better with the software updates including cast and production info available right on the screen. The interface has also been working more seamlessly for the major (Netflix, Hulu) providers. Still, Crackle does not work well and A&E; & Lifetime may encounter problems. Overall, a much better updated device to use.Another plus is I can use my TV's remote to operate most functions although my Fire Stick may state, "It appears [app] requires Fire Stick remote". I can just click past this prompt and use my (LG} TV remote. This may be possible because my TV (sync) will automatically change to active device (e.g. Bluray) when turned on. Another plus (and minus) is I am able to plug my Fire Stick directly in my TV's HDMI port and use the USB port from my TV to power my Fire Stick. This is a plus for reducing wire clutter and ease of use but this also makes my TV [most of the time] change to Fire Stick when I turn on my TV. Not a big deal since I can easily press the "TV" button on my remote to tune to my TV's broadcast channels.ORIGINAL REVIEW (3 STARS)I got my Fire Stick for $20.00...That's about all it's worth. It has a rather slow and cumbersome menu. The available apps are pretty limited. It really doesn't have all the apps from Google Play, only a (Amazon) selected choice. This may increase, I dunno.The only reason it's worth $20.00 is because it comes with a remote. Too bad the remote is kinda sketchy. It may not respond or it will advance 2-5 spaces with a single press of a button. I did learn from (very poor) customer support that you can reset the remote using the remote pairing section in the settings and holding the "Home" button for 5-10 seconds. Also, the Fire stick is limited to its own dedicated remote and/or its smart phone remote control app or (optional) game remote. I have another (Tianle) TV stick, which is just an Android tablet for your TV, that works much better and has better video quality. It doesn't come with a remote but, for under $20.00, you can use just about any USB connected pointing or track-pad/keyboard device. Plus, running with the Android OS, there is a full (pretty quick) browser to use.For some reason the Fire Stick defaults to 720p resolution even on a 1080p display. I chose (manually) 1080p resolution but did not see any difference in picture quality. I will say the picture quality is very smooth but appears to be slightly filtered. This may be a feature to insure non-jittery picture motion at the expense of picture crispness.The pluses are it has pretty good wifi connectivity, although limited to the 2.4GHz band and all the major (Netflix, Hulu...) video services work well. I did have a couple of lags with Crackle and Lifetime; I've noticed lags with these on other devices too. My main plus is it can stream Amazon Prime and is easily portable. Plus, I can stream any of my personal media files from Amazon Cloud. Unfortunately, you cannot stream from your home network.Overall, the Fire Stick is okay but nothing special and there are much better choices out there. So, unless you really need Amazon Prime features, I would not recommend the Fire Stick. At least not for $40.00.
I purchased this for $20 for their prime sale.  If you asked me, it should be worth half that.  My only desire/advantage for devices like this, is getting content up on a big screen TV.  For that alone, this is a three star and a half experience.For portability, it's not bad, all streaming sticks unfortunately have to be connected to some external power source, which is clunky in itself.  Browsing through this on a remote control alone is a clunky experience compared with using your cellphone.  Searching things by inputting letter by letter is a pain.  In this day and age, a more touchpad/touchscreen based remote with voice search would take the sting out.  I'm not a direct subscriber to Amazon Prime, so much of that content isn't free.  My primary uses for this probably will come from watching youtube,  using plex, and using miracast.If your cellphone/tablet is miracast capable, that's probably the easiest interface.  It's kind of tucked away under the system setting for some reason.  If you play game apps on your phone, however, there is some lag and it is enough to make them unplayable, in my viewpoint.  For youtube, you have to download an app from fire stick.  For the best browsing experience, it's good to use another cellphone/tablet with the youtube android app.  The youtube android app can then cast connect to the stick.  Sometimes it doesn't connect or takes over ten seconds to make the initial connection though.The plex app, which was free when I downloaded it, allows media streaming from remote Internet connected devices.  I use it to stream things from my computer.I wish there was a power/sleep button on it so I can save energy, but if you want it to sleep, you'll have to select that in the settings every time you want it to.Again, by itself, searching on the Fire Stick OS with the included remote is a pain, to input letter by letter.  The remote control doesn't even have a search button.  The native browsing process is rather tedious in terms of discovering good recommendations.  Overall, I'd give it a three star experience.
This device so TOTALLY blows away the old Amazon Streaming app that was loaded on our Panasonic Blu ray player!!The old app would tell you: TESTING CONNECTION SPEED, wait, wait, wait... STREAMING MOVIE, wait, wait, wait and then, guess what, even though you had chosen HD (and maybe even PURCHASED it in HD) Amazon would decide that your connection speed (and ours was a rocking 50mbps at the time) just didn't cut it SO THEY DOWNGRADED TO SD!!! Arghhhhh!!! So, we stuck to purchasing only Blu rays.The Fire Stick TV was offered to us as Amazon Prime members for only $19.99 and we figured we'd take the chance on their claims that there would be no more WAITING for movies to stream... that the Fire Stick would already have the movie downloaded to our unit (with storage up to 8GB) and ready to roll before we even knew what we wanted to watch... well, I'm here to tell ya... THEY WERE RIGHT!!!!The menus are just brilliant... you can move sooooo fast through your video library, watchlist, everything else... it just makes streaming wonderful! Add to that, the access to IMDB Cast lists and bios, overview... alternate choices I wasn't even aware of, Dolby Digital + (at this point, if I'm not mistaken, no streaming service streams DTS-HD Master Audio or True HD).We purchased "The Zero Theorem" and the graphics just POPPED off the screen and the audio kicked and had plenty of punch and it worked our 5.1 system with panache!Now, I do pit streaming versus Blu ray on nearly the same level. There are some films, like "McCabe & Mrs. Miller", "Restoration" etc that are NOT available on Blu ray that ARE available in HD streaming - you can't beat that. Or, if you don't care about all the Special Features that Criterion charges you for, you can purchase "Tootsie" in HD for only $12.99 versus Criterions $27.97!!Love it - hope this helps...
I have my Fire TV Stick plugged into a Yamaha AV receiver with throughput to a HD projector. Image quality looks flawless on a 100 inch screen. Some apps have slight playback hiccups when you are streaming with the fire tv stick and navigating (controlling the app the fire tv stick is streaming) with a smart phone or tablet. I didn't have any trouble connecting to my wireless network and streaming was perfect when I was letting it play and not having it do two things at once.Many apps need better integration with the fire tv smartphone/tablet app. The app has a touch keyboard to input into fire tv but many apps do not have the ability to take inputs from this keyboard. There also needs to be better integration to get everything (instead of just some things) on a tablet to display on the fire tv stick. Overall I was able to get my Kindle to control the fire tv stick better than the remote can and that is a good thing.Biggest negative is the HDMI extension cable that came with the fire tv Stick DOES NOT WORK. Shipping cables that are easily checkable at the factory that do not work is pretty unforgivable so - 1 star for that. HDMI cables need to have plastic caps on both ends at all times while they are unplugged to keep foreign material from getting into the end connectors, this one did not. Plugging the stick straight into the receiver got it working but the usb power cord now prevents me from plugging anything into the HDMI slot next to the fire tv stick.If you have a kindle or smartphone that can control this then it is better than appletv, chromecast, and roku. If not, its still way better than roku and appletv but chromecast might be better if your entire ecosystem is google OS (I personally prefer this controlled by my kindle over my chromecast controlled by my Samsung tablet but that is a personal preference issue). I also don't have to live with the short comings of any of these devices because I have an HDMI cable from my computer hooked up as well so anything these things cant do I can boot up my computer and have it do (its pretty stupid that you can stream something for free on a computer but have to pay for hulu plus or some other service to stream that same media, from that same service in an app and a Silverlight/java browser would let you access the whole web instead of just a fraction of it).
I've been a roku user for years, and recently got a chromecast.  Both work well, although I prefer the roku.First on the hardware, there's a couple of annoying features.  The ring at the top of the remote.... can't be used as a dial.  It's just hiding 4 buttons... which you'll be pushing often.... very often.  I'll explain later.  Actually it's 5 buttons, 4 under the ring, and 1 in the center.  Seems like they could put some indication that there's a button there.The stick itself is ok, but strangely it plugs the power in from the side.  So it actually blocks two slots because the power cable sticks out to the side.  Not only that but it's fairly power hungry, so it doesn't work with standard USB power, at least the one my samsung TV provides.  So you need a wall wart... which of course blocks more than one power outlet.  Sure there is a dongle included for HDMI, but still seems silly.  My chromecast fits in a single HDMI socket, doesn't need a dongle, and doesn't need a wall wart.The UI seems glitchy.  Sometimes it just goes back to home.  Scrolling through long lists to browser new movies for example is rather annoying.  You either have to hold the button down and often undershoot/overshoot, or hit the button 100 times to get through 100 movies.  Quite strange when they display 6-8 movies at a time.  Why not allow one of the bottoms to slide 6-8 movies over?The UI often seems to get hung in a loop.  Often the pause/play button gets stuck.  So I hit it pause/play and it displays the series, episode title, and position.  If hit it again it goes away... but doesn't start playback.  Similar for the hidden button in the center of the ring.  Even if I hit back to the episode selection and click on "resume playback", it starts a frame or two... then pauses.  Then I'm stuck in a loop again.Generally seems almost workable, I suspect there will be a software update soon.  But generally I'd say it's more general purpose than a chromecast which is best used with a tablet/phone/desktop.  But not NEARLY as nice to use as a roku.
Can't stay connected to Wi-Fi.  When it started up, it readily found my network (I have been running my own home/office networks since there were done on coax cable, so I know how to make Wi-Fi work, how to test it, etc.).  The signal at the Fire TV stick is moderately strong, rated "very good" by the Stick.However, it would not connect using my password.  After many tries, I rebooted the Stick.  It hung up during the restart.  Third time, I got connected, just like it was supposed to.Then when going to "Home" it said "Home is not available" and it shows no connection.  After a time, the connection is back.  On and off.I haven't tried to stream yet.  I tried to connect the AllCast program, downloaded to the Stick and to my Android phone directly from Amazon.  I got a picture on the screen, then it hung and when I went to Home, once again I was not connected.As I said, I am disappointed.  I can stream to my Sony surround to the TV with no problem via the same Wi-Fi and with the antenna in the same location with no drops.This thing just seems like it has a serious software issue.  Hopefully with probably a million of them shipping early, Amazon sorts it out quickly, but if I hadn't been able to buy it at half price a few months ago, I don't think I would get it right now.  It needs work.It is impossible to troubleshoot or find help.  Amazon has a beautiful box to ship this thing in, but there is no effective help on their website when something doesn't work.  This is the opposite of other companies that push customer support rather than sales.I suppose I'll get a switchable cord so that rebooting is easier and just keep rebooting, but this is getting old.  This may end up being another tech trinket that ends up never being used.
First I want to dispel just a couple misunderstandings I've seen in other reviews here.(1) You CAN use the USB port on your TV to power the Fire TV Stick. But this depends on if your TV can output enough power on that port. The TV in my bedroom was not able to supply enough power via the USB port to adequately power the Fire TV Stick. However the TV in my living room was able to power the Stick just fine.(2) Related to the above, I've noticed a complaint that the device takes a moment to load up when you first turn on your TV. This is due to power no longer being supplied to the device when your turn your TV off if you have it plugged directly into the TV's USB port instead of using the wall charger. I would suggest using the wall charger provided if possible in order to get a proper power supply to the device and to avoid having to let it boot up every time you turn your TV on.I've tried now using an Apple TV, Chromecast, and setting up both XBMC and Plex on a Mac Mini all to provide some sort of media center solution where I could go to one central device and watch all my content. The Amazon Fire TV Stick is the first device that has actually allowed me to do that with ease. It connects to my Plex media server for all my locally owned content, and has built in apps to stream from the services I subscribe to, Netflix, Amazon Prime, and Hulu Plus.As for the type of device it is, the most similar produce I've tried is Google's Chromecast. My hope for the Chromecast was that it would have been an affordable way to stream my media to any TV. After actually using the Chromecast though, I was very disappointed to find that it has no user interface of its own. You must use various apps and other devices in order to "cast" content to the Chromecast. It felt very disjointed and decentralized which was completely the opposite of what I was looking for. I had also hoped that its small size would make it an option for portability so I could watch my favorite shows and movies while I traveled. This proved to be another point of disappointment for the Chromecast as it was incapable of connecting to most public WiFi networks such as you might find in a hotel. After receiving my Fire TV Stick, I actually decided to do a direct comparison of the performance and picture quality from the Chromecast vs the Fire TV Stick. Streaming the exact same content to both, I found that the Chromecast was dropping frames, creating a noticeable jump, or stutter, in the video, whereas the Fire TV Stick played the content smoothly. The picture produced by the Chromecast would also often become blocky or pixelated looking, especially during scenes with a lot of movement. The Fire TV Stick remained clear and crisp throughout.The Amazon Fire TV Stick brings all my media together in one place and makes it very easy to access. Streaming content has been fast with no slow downs, buffering, or stuttering. The clarity of both the user interface and the HD streaming content is fantastic. The voice search feature works incredibly well. Browsing through the Fire OS interface is very fast and fluid. The navigation is easy to understand. Setup was surprisingly easy. As soon as I took the device out of the box and plugged it in, it was already signed in to my Amazon account I was ready to start watching my shows as soon as the short intro video finished. It also works great with my Sony surround sound system.I purchased The Amazon Fire TV Stick in hopes of finding a simpler solution to watching content from Amazon Prime at home and with better picture clarity than my current devices. But it has exceeded my expectations. This device has been a joy to use and I would definitely recommend it to anyone.Despite loving how well the Amazon Fire TV Stick connects to various services I use and the overall performance of the device, I did come across one problem. I tried playing music both through the Spotify Connect app and from my Amazon Prime music library and found that the audio quality was actually pretty bad. I'm a bit confused as to why the audio quality problem is only present when playing music though as my movies and tv shows sound fine. I tried adjusting various things in my setup to find if there was another piece of equipment degrading the audio quality, but it does seem to be a problem with the Fire TV Stick itself. Of course though, your experience may vary.
This review is based on the promotional $19 price for Prime members. At that price, it's hard to fault the unit. But you need to set your expectations accordingly.I wouldn't want the Fire TV Stick as my primary source of video. But as a way to get Amazon Prime Instant Video and Netflix and other things to a spare HDTV, it's a heck of a bargain and it seems to do the job.Most of my TVs have modern TiVo devices connected. The user interface of the Fire TV Stick is similar to the new Amazon interface in the latest TiVo software update. Compared to Amazon's TiVo software, the Fire TV Stick has pretty good interface performance. However, occasionally it seems like the unit doesn't register a button press on the remote. That may be due to the low cost construction of the remote's buttons, or due to 2.4GHz interference with the Bluetooth used by the remote. Even so, the Fire TV Stick does a reasonable job presenting Amazon's corporate TV UI. (That UI is a bit clunky, but that's common to the Fire TV devices and the Amazon TiVo software.)What concerns me the most is that the video quality of the Fire TV Stick isn't as good as advertised. Amazon says the Fire TV Stick supports "up to 1080p" resolution. That may be technically true, but I have yet to see the Fire TV Stick reach 1080p. I have a 150Mbps Internet connection that consistently operates at or above the advertised speed. My TiVo devices, which use wired Ethernet, rarely have trouble playing Amazon streams at 1080p. That same content streams at "HD" quality on the Fire TV Stick... even when it's located 10 feet away from a simultaneous dual-band 802.11n WiFi access point, in the same room, with no other substantial use of the WiFi. If it cannot reliably stream 1080p under these conditions, I find it hard to imagine what's needed to get 1080p video out of it.For a 23" LCD TV in the spare room, you can't tell the difference anyway, and it will keep the kids or the visitors happy. On a 42" plasma, you can definitely see the quality difference. The 1080p stream of "Orphan Black," for instance, is almost Blu-ray quality on Amazon's TiVo app; the Fire TV Stick's HD stream sometimes struggles to maintain DVD clarity. With a smaller set, where you can't tell the difference between 720p and 1080p from a reasonable viewing distance anyway, who cares? Especially at this price!But if you're buying a $19 or $39 "stick" player to plug into a large TV, whether the Fire TV Stick or another brand, chances are you're going to be disappointed. Better to spend on the larger, more capable devices that support wired Ethernet and have better processors.
On the second day, there is static accompany any audio output. Tried it on NetFlix and Amazon Prime videos. The only way to solve the static is to unplug the power and then re-plug.This only last about an hour before the static issue resurface.Bought it for 20 bucks as a pre-order.Update:12/20/2014.Got an email from Amazon Customer Service today to contact Amazon Support. I follow instructions and got on the phone with Amazon Support. It was a very courteous call. Still didn't get issue resolved. I got transferred twice to James, a FireTV tech; he put me on hold to review my account (not sure what have to do with FireTV Stick issue). With both transfer, I let the techs hear the static & garble audio; video seems unaffected. This happens with both Amazon Prime and NetFlix videos.After 10 minutes, my on-hold call got dropped. Haven't heard back from Amazon Support. Trying to reply to Amazon CS email got a delivery error.For now, my only fix is to disconnect the power, basically reset. This will fix it for about an hour. The FireTV Stick gets unusually warm, close to hot, after an hour. I turned on close caption. Really want this to work.12/31/14.Amazon Support sent a replacement FireTV Stick (no accessories) on 12/21/14. Received it on 12/24/14. It took about 10 minutes initially to update (automated) the firmware. After a few days of running NetFlix, still the same symptom: static & garble sound after 1.5 hour. The FireTV Stick feels extra warm to touch. Either turn off the TV or pull the power from the FireTV stick, and then restart; this will fix it for a good 1 hour. When the FireTV Stick goes into sleep mode or at a video pause for an extended time, un-pause the video will be met with static and garble audio. Video is unaffected throughout the audio issue.The kids like the convenience and ease of use with the accompany remote.Already tried ferric choke on the microUSB cable and the accompanied HDMI extension. Didn't get any better. The TV is a Sony 24" Playstation 3D TV.May be this weekend I'll try: - with a non-Amazon extension HDMI cable - a different TVSee if it gets any better.The one star review still holds.
The Fire TV stick is excellent for the price so I'm giving it 5 stars, though on an absolute scale it would be closer to 4 stars rather than 5. The big pluses are:1) Voice search from phone app is so much easier than typing2) Even keyboard is a lot faster than the Samsung Smart TV keyboard which is slow3) User Interface is also blazingly fast4) You can "cast" from Youtube, just like you can to a Chromecast.5) The Airplay/DLNA receiver app in the app store turns this into an Airplay receiver, making it possible to mirror my Macbook laptop screen, which is useful for mirroring videos not on Youtube/mainstream apps.6) Miracast support for mirroring also works well with my Kindle Fire tablet. It doesn't seem to work as well with my Android phone however.The main minuses I've found are:1) Voice search only supports a limited set of apps (as many others have pointed out)2) Airplay mirroring support with the third party apps like Airplay/DLNA receiver is adequate, but not always great - sometimes the resolution isn't as good, or there are interruptions. This isn't of course a problem with Fire TV Stick itself, but more that the lack of a high quality Airplay receiver app is felt. Google's Chrome tab casting seems more robust to the Chromecast when I tried it, though it has its own failures.3) For some reason, the Youtube website and app are able to cast to the FireTV (just like with a Chromecast) but my android phone is unable to do the same - is this because the Chromecast uses its own protocol and not DLNA? Not sure, but its a limitation.I don't experience any lag. But of course I haven't tried the full FireTV so don't how this compares to that in terms of speed. It seems plenty fast for me coming from a Smart TV (which is excruciatingly slow).
I am a loyal Prime member and have been for 4 years now. All my music, movies and apps are purchased through them. I also purcahes cloud storage that I use for my music, pictures and video. They are a great company that sells valuable services and products. When I saw that Prime Members could get the Fire TV Stick at a discounted rate, I was onboard. We already have a Samsung Smart TV and a Roku LT in the house. The Fire TV Stick would be used when travelling. After receiving the unit last week, I couldnt wait to plug it in and give it a run. The TV I plugged it into is the Smart TV that has multiple Amazon APPs installed on it. I have no issues with any of these Amazon APPs that run on this TV. Below are my results of using the Fire TV Stick after one week:1) When first plugged in, I received a message that the power adapter I was using would not work. Really? I am using the adapter that shipped with the unit. It allowed me to press 'OK' to bypass this message.2) I connected the unit to my Wi-Fi and Amazon accounts with no issues3) Setting up Parental Controls locked up the Fire Stick. I had to reboot. It locked up a second time as well, so I decided to skip this step.4) Trying to stream Amazon Prime movies or TV shows, takes forever to load. Then, while watching the content after a few minutes, it will buffer. This buffering continues off/on throughout the show. I do not have this problem with my Smart TV or the Roku LT.5) I have over 5000 songs stored in the Amazon Prime Music Application that I uploaded to Amazon. There is no built in Search function to find a specific song. I need to use the mobile app for this. How could Amazon not build a Search function into the Fire TV sStick is beyond me.
Yes, you do need this if you don't have a smart TV or are the least bit unsatisfied with your smart TV's (or blu-ray player's) streaming apps, or if you want to see your pictures and, above all, if you use Amazon Prime for streaming.  The ASAP technology really speeds up the start of any Prime video.  I didn't do any stopwatch tests but I would guess the start-up time is less than a 10th of what it was using my TV's streaming app.Another reason you want this is the WiFi seems to be faster than with other devices.  I couldn't find definite answers on the net, but my TV stick connects to my newer 802.11ac router using the higher frequency channel.The cute little remote is nice and works well.  It is not fun to enter search data or passwords with it, but I hope to do that with a tablet I've ordered.  Still, I bet you don't use it for much data entry.  I also played a game with it and found that the center button "bounced" (made 2 clicks when I hit it once).  Again, if you're a serious gamer, you'll want to upgrade the remote (or maybe use a phone or tablet).There was only one minor problem.  The Fire TV Stick gets a little confused about what episode of my favorite series is next.  It did this with only one show--the others seem ok.  But never mind that.  You can scroll through the episodes (with pictures for each one) in almost no time by simply holding down a button.  This thing is amazingly responsive.What about picture quality?  The programs look as good as you can imagine.  I briefly had a cable modem problem and the image quality got poorer (doubtless, the Fire TV Stick was attempting to match the video quality to the reduced bandwidth).  But normally, the images are very sharp and the sound is great.  The images on the menus look phenomenal as well.As far as the apps go, I only tried the YouTube app.  This is really nice.  It gives you lots of relevant choices and they are well presented.  Everything on the menu screens is sharp, pleasing to look at and fast.Setup is simple and easy.  You will need an AC outlet within 5 feet of your TV.  Either an AC extension or a micro USB extension cord will be required if you don't.  Because the Fire TV stick plugs into a wall outlet, activating it with the remote can turn on my TV (this is convenient).  Unless it was a gift, it comes linked to your Amazon account, which is nice and avoids a step in the setup.I have a Google Chromecast and it just doesn't do nearly as much as the Fire TV Stick with its remote, which I find to be more convenient.  All in all, this is a phenomenal product that is really nice.
Pro: The Stick is plugged into an HDMI port on my receiver, down in my entertainment center, out of sight.  I thought I'd have laggy connection with wifi and the remote...but it works great.  The Stick is very responsive.Pro: The Amazon remote app is neat.Pro: The kids love playing some of the apps. We like some of the family/group games.  Going to have to get a remote.Pro: Voice search is awesome and quick.Pro: Works great with my Plex app.Con: Some of the services/apps won't recognize the keyboard in the remote app.  You have to use the remote's arrows to slowly and painfully enter your sign in information for those apps.Con: The Prime membership is under my wife's account.  I'm linked to it.  Even though I'm signed into the Stick under my account, it doesn't recognize that I'm a prime member.  Had to reset the device and sign in with my wife's account.  Well this sucks because I have apps from the Amazon app store that my wife doesn't have (e.g. Plex) that I can't use now.  BOO!Con: Two times now this thing has basically reset itself.  I've had to log back into everything (refer to CON #1)[EDIT] I did have a comment about Miracast not working.  It started working and it is repeatable with my LG G2 and G Tab.  Bump 1 star.For $20 it's not a bad device, but the problems I've experience outweigh the good parts.  I'll keep it, the kids will use it, but it certainly won't be my "go to" device for streaming.[EDIT #2] Miracast stopped working again.  Back to 2 stars.  Also, I'm disappointed in the small selection of games compared with the Google Play store.  I'm sure it will get better over time though.
I have now been using this Fire TV stick for about 2 weeks and I am pleased. I had an older non-SMART TV in my bedroom and it's finally getting some use due to this stick. I got it for only $19 and ordered it despite having a Roku and a Chromecast and also a Belkin Miracast.Belkin Miracast was fussy though it works without internet connection, I never really used it much as it wasn't user friendly and had many limitations.Chromecast does not have a remote plus the wireless connection is not very strong. It also did not have Amazon Instant Video but it does have HBO GO.The Roku device had everything but it's not portable and needed ethernet cable for interruption free playback and I prefer the more portable sticks. I haven't tried the Roku Stick.This Fire TV stick plugs into an HDMI port on the TV and I am glad they gave the extender with it as the port was at a very awkward angle and would have required me to lift the whole TV to get it plugged in if it hadn't been for the more flexible extender. It also required a wall plug, no biggie at all.Set up was extremely easy, what a joy! I was watching Amazon Prime shows in a jiffy.What I like:- Super easy set up compared to Chromecast- Stronger wireless signal compared to Chromecast, videos load fast and shows keep playing one episode after another on Amazon Instant Video- Amazon Cloud Drive photos and videos (almost 60,000 that I have uploaded so far!) are available to watch on my TV. Makes such a difference over tablet viewing- Amazon Music can be played on your TV - if you have nice speakers connected to your TV this is a real plus as you can stream Prime Music- Love that a remote is included and I can put away my phone. Remote is very responsive.Some downsides:- Menu is just ok, could be more user friendly. You have to scroll through a lot of stuff.- HBO GO is not yet available, will come in Spring 2015It says that this stick is Miracast certified, does that mean it can mirror my tablet? I haven't tried that out yet but could be a nice feature.
When I first saw this I wondered, why in the world would I need this product?  Still, since it is from Amazon, I just had to order it and try it!!  Here is what I found:  1.  There is NO doubt that this makes it easier to see and to order videos from Amazon!!  I have four different SMART TVs and using this on any of them makes the print and the preview pictures much larger.  I can actually see what is available without having to walk up to the screen.  This may not be a big deal to you if you have excellent eyesight.  If, like me, your distance vision is not what it used to be, you will appreciate this device.  2.  I had never really thought about using Amazon to play my music with on a TV.  However, I must say that it is very nice to be able to do that when you are not at home (say a hotel somewhere) or when you want some music in an area that your TV is in and not your other audio equipment.  There are several options as to how to play your music.  Actually, this was another very nice feature that I had not thought about.  3.  Sharing pictures is also very easy with this.  I always hated trying to show pictures from my tablet to my in-laws when I visited them because it was so hard for them to see.  This is especially true for my 95 year old Godfather.  Now, I upload the pictures to my Amazon account and plug this device into a HDMI Port on their computer and instant LARGE SCREEN PICTURES!!!!  4.  The control works very well and I was quite pleased by the ease that I had connecting to my network and to networks on the road.  5.  There is an issue with HBO, but that is NOT the fault of AMAZON or this device.  This is because some companies do not believe in net neutrality and BLOCK things that compete with them.  We all need to write to our congress folks and Senators to demand NET NEUTRALITY!!!  NO Internet Service company should be able to block what you have access to!!!All in all, this is a Great Product and I am very glad that I ordered it!!
When Amazon announced the stick, and offered a special price of $19 for Prime members, we decided to go for it. I had been wanting to get a newer model Roku, or even the Roku streaming stick, but this was less expensive, and would provide a streaming option for the one TV that lacked it.Setup was extremely easy, which is a definite plus. I hooked it up and had it connected to the network within a couple minutes, and was able to start exploring the options.I've had a Roku player for a few years, so I'm used to that interface, although I know that the newer models have an updated look to them. The Fire Stick interface seems very cumbersome in comparison. Granted, it really is designed around Amazon Instant Video, but they seem to neglect the fact that they promote it as a good device to stream other video sources as well.I found the app/channels to be very lacking. Where the Roku has hundreds, maybe thousands, of channels to choose from, the Fire Stick seems to have tens of channels. Sure, I don't use all the channels available to Roku, and there are many more than what I can have installed at one  time, it's nice to have them. The Fire Stick talks big about having more memory than other devices, but if it has nothing to use that memory for, it's pretty pointless.I like having the option to use my photos that are stored on my cloud drive as a screen saver, but then if it goes into screen saver mode, it means I'm not watching it anyway.Prime Music is good, but I couldn't find a way to add any other music on the Fire Stick itself. Apparently I have to add songs/albums to my playlist via the computer, which doesn't make for a seamless user experience.I downloaded the remote app for my phone. Not impressed in the least. Instead of having buttons to navigate with, you have to slide you finger in the direction you want. This works, somewhat, but makes it extremely difficult to navigate precisely to what you want. It either goes to far, or the wrong direction, or not far enough. Also, without having a selection button, you are supposed to just tap, but that doesn't always work. I tried playing a multi-player game, and I could use the remote that came in the box, but the remote app would not work, because it didn't have a select button. Again, Roku wins out in the remote app contest.It's not all bad, of course, and if all you're doing is watching Amazon video, it's great. It just seems to be lacking in so many areas, where they could have done much better.I was thinking of using the Fire Stick as my main streaming device, and putting the older Roku on the other TV for the children, but I'm pretty sure that's not going to happen. I've found myself using the Roku more than the Fire Stick. It's familiar, offers more options, and a more pleasing user experience overall.I'm fortunate to have only paid $19 for this, and I really don't think it's worth the $39. I am so very glad that I didn't spend the money on the full size Fire TV box. Think I'll save up for a new Roku one of these days, Amazon has a lot of work to do yet.
Update: It works just fine plugged into my new TV in my office, the aforementioned 10 feet from my router. Also worked at another house. So it's main problem is that its antenna is not as good as Google's Chromecast, which works just fine everywhere in my house.Verdict: If you want a convenient way to stream Amazon video, and have a strong wireless connection, get this. Otherwise, Chromecast, which will stream Amazon videos from your phone's screen up to the TV with little degradation (although your phone will run hot).Original (1*) Review:My new Fire Stick just informed me that "an Internet connection is required." No kidding. Before that, it took about 20 minutes to watch the first ten minutes of Alpha House because of the buffering. Getting my WiFi password entered was ... an adventure. There's a screed around here somewhere about that.I have a Chromecast, which I love. Let me repeat, I have a Chromecast, which works on the same HDMI port on the same TV I've plugged the Fire Stick in to, using the same WiFi Signal. The only reason I bought the Fire Stick was to stream Amazon Prime videos, because, as we all know, Amazon has not issued a Chromecast compatible app. I wouldn't have paid full price, but I got the $19.95 deal.With the HDMI extension the Chromecast has never lost the Internet feed. A computer plugged into the same port (my alternative for watch Prime Video) has never lost the feed. The Fire Stick can't hold on to the Internet for more than 5 minutes.Yes, I've plugged it into the HDMI extender. I've plugged it in to the HDMI extender and the Chromecast HDMI extender, in series. I get the same behavior in both cases.If anyone (including Amazon) has a suggestion, I'd love to hear it.Otherwise, my phone has the Cast Screen option for Chromecast, and right now it's streaming Alpha House pretty well. It's not quite as sharp a picture, but it beats having to wait for the Fire Stick to find my WiFi.I'll give it few more shots over the next couple of days, but I suspect the Fire Stick is going back.
The Fire TV Stick is a great asset for users of Amazon services.  Set up was quick and easy.  The only thing you have to do is enter the security code for your wireless network. Every thing else is automatic.  The remote is small, but unless you have huge hands that shouldn't be an issue.Streaming video:  Previously I have used a computer and Blu-Ray player.  The Stick is superior to both on speed, and easier to use than the Blu-Ray. The feature to start on the Fire tablet and switch to TV works quite well, though for me it's not likely to get much use.Music:  You can play your Amazon music on your TV.Apps:  I've only checked out a few of them but so far I'm impressed.  Crackle is one of the TV/movie channels that I love and viewing it with the Fire Stick is a snap. I've only scanned through the list, but there are other free channels that I'll be checking out.There are other features that will probably be of use to many.Update: 12/30/14After using the Fire TV Stick for a couple of weeks I've discovered that it isn't quite as great as at first glance. When using Amazon services it works fine.  But the apps aren't quite as good as I first thought.>  If I've listened to Music, then switch to Crackle the play/pause buttons control the music, not Crackle.  So the first time I attempt to pause the video, the video stops and music starts.  The video can not be restarted!  Which means I have to exit and restart it.  The only way to avoid this is to go to settings and do a "Force Stop" on the music app.>  Streaming on Crackle is iffy.  Sometimes it works fairly well, but most of the time there is excessive buffering. Sometimes 2 or 3 times per minute.  And at times it simple stops playing.  A couple of times when it got really bad I switched to my BluRay player or Kindle Fire HDX.  Both streamed without an issue.I haven't used the other apps much, so I can't say how wide spread this is.  But it appears the Fire Stick is optimized for Amazon and the other apps are just addons.I didn't lower my rating because it's still a good product.  But that was a close call.
Got this during the pre-order sale for $20 or $25 (can't recall off the top of my head). Been using it for almost a month and so far I'm very happy with it. Setup was easy breezy. Navigation is relatively simple, although I'm not a huge fan of the way Amazon's flavor of Android organizes content. The categories don't distinguish between free (with Prime) and paid content, and on more than one occasion I've almost accidentally purchased shows when I was clicking over ambitiously.The OS is smooth enough 80% of the time, but there are lags when switching between applications on occasion. And browsing titles is sometimes jerky or laggy. When I first connected it to the rear of my TV, the remote had major interference issues for some reason so the remote didn't register clicks or it would think a button was being held down. I moved it to a side port and haven't had issues since. It also comes with a short HDMI extension cable that is supposed to help if you encounter issues with the remote.For the price, this thing is fantastic, especially compared to other similar devices at higher price points. I use it to stream plex from my computer and I'm able to watch 1080p at maximum bitrate (no-conversion) on-the-fly without problems. Netflix and Amazon Prime video both work fine, although I prefer the built-in Netflix app on my TV since it works with a qwerty remote. I tried out the Fire TV box before this, and functionally they're nearly identical as far as my usage goes (didn't use the voice commands). This is slightly slower than the box version, but it's a fraction of the price and totally worth it. I haven't really played any games, but I assume they probably work well enough if you are willing to buy the gamepad.The Android Fire Remote app on the phone kind of sucks. I wish it had keyboard support and a simple directional pad since I find the swipe pad really annoying to use. But this isn't a review about the app, and I digress.
The Fire TV Stick is very cool in many respects. It's extremely small, it's got a great mix of content and apps, and it's very simple to setup and use. That said, I've pulled it from the TV I had it on because of a few shortcomings and one showstopper. On the shortcomings, first of all it's kinda slow. Not excessively so, but certainly noticeable and after a while it gets pretty tiring. Second, the screen sharing doesn't work with any Windows device. Again, not a huge deal but it's supposed to be a Miracast compatible device and being able to use screen sharing with my Miracast compatible Windows machines would have been pretty compelling. But it just doesn't work. Third, there is no way to turn it off, and the sleep function is buried in settings. Why is this important? Because of the biggest issue with the Stick and the thing that put the nail in the coffin: the remote doesn't support basic TV functions like on/off and volume.I didn't expect this to be such a big issue, but it was with my family. I have tons of gadgets in my house, and the only way I can get the rest of my family to use any of them is that they have to "just work." We have an Xbox 360 hooked up to our bedroom TV, and we mostly use it for apps like Amazon Video, YouTube, and Netflix. The 360 remote does everything from controlling the TV to controlling the Xbox and its apps. That makes it super-simple to use because you don't have to keep track of or mess with more than one remote. Now I know it's not fair to compare a $200+ Xbox to a $39 Stick, but I've long believed that for any TV accessory to really work it has to make TV better, otherwise it won't get used. The Stick does add some things to the TV experience, but having to keep track of and use more than one remote just makes it to much of a bother, and actually makes watching stuff on TV more complicated than just using the TV (or the Xbox). My TV will auto-sleep if there is no signal, so being able to turn the Stick off would be a workable alternative to turning the TV off. We'd still have to use the TV remote for volume though, so we'd still have to keep two remotes around.The Fire TV Stick is a nice idea and there's a lot to like. But for me and my family, the shortcomings were too much of a hurdle to keep it as our primary TV experience. I'll definitely watch this space for improvements though, as replacing an expensive game console or STB with a small inexpensive device like the Stick would be great.
Well played, Amazon.  Well.  Played.Disclosure:  I have Google Chromecast, I have a nook, I have a Samsung SIII, I have a Samsung Note 10.1 (which, after owning it for about a year, I wish I would have bought the Microsoft Surface instead) and an iPod Classic.  I’m not a “fan” of any one company; if a product works for me, I buy it and use it.In my personal, and professional, opinion Amazon has the best cloud service in the world…and I’ve used plenty.  Google, Barnes & Noble, Samsung Media Hub, Drop Box, Apple & iTunes, you name it I’ve probably used it.  None of them, I mean, NONE of them compare to the cloud service that Amazon provides.I *almost* didn’t buy the Kindle Fire TV Stick because I thought, “how much different could it be than Chromecast?” buuuuuuut, I did anyways since it was on special for Prime Members when it was first released so I bought it as a Christmas present for “the house”.  I mean, how different can it be from Chromecast?Holy moley guacamole and Pumpkin Spiced Latte with an extra shot of espresso on the side.Greatest – Thing – Ever!You insert the stick into your HDMI insert, much like Chromecast, you can beam and mirror your tablet and phone to your TV, like Chromecast (Chromecast has issues with this mirroring, as it doesn’t work for all hardwares, but I won’t get into that here), but that is where the similarities end.The big difference is that the Fire TV stick comes with a remote control and works with Amazon’s great cloud service seamlessly.  You have a number of apps that you can download to your cloud and use at your discretion:  Pandora, Plex (which we use), Hulu+, Netflix, Crackle, etc .  If you’re a prime member, you have access to all the Prime tv shows and movies, and you have access to everything that Amazon streams.  It seamlessly connects to your Amazon payment account so it’s not cumbersome to buy or rent items (DANGEROUS!).  There’s also a myriad of games.  My boyfriend and I are far from gamers but having something stupid to play to decompress when you don’t want to watch TV is a nice touch as well.  We’ve played bowling, trivia, and ping pong so far.Now if I can get Amazon to send me fresh fruit, veggies, and meat I may never have to leave my house again.Amazon: Influencing Agoraphobics since 1994.
Okay, let me preface this with the fact that my expectations were that this would be similar to the ChromeCast.  It is not.  This is an entirely different animal completely.Let me secondly say that if I was not already a Prime user, I might not be so thrilled with it.  But I am, so I am!  :-)Anyway WITH PRIME, this thing is amazing.  You've got instant access to all your Prime movies and music and pictures, including your libraries and cloud.Additionally, this is basically an Android device (or it appears to me to be) using the Fire framework.  So in addition to the aforementioned, you also get access to many apps, free and paid.  I haven't looked into how much it can hold, but I've downloaded several games, weather, and other apps - about 20 in total so far, all free.Finally, it didn't occur to me when I purchased, but it just makes sense that this is a RADIO CONTROLLED remote.  That means you don't have to aim it to use it, which is quite handy when gaming, or just lazy like me.  But it also means that you won't be able to integrate it with your universal remote.  So there's no volume control of your media center or TV.  You'll have to use your other remote for that.  So good and bad.I have not yet decided whether or not to get the Game Controller.  I did get the voice-activated remote, and found it very handy to have.  The voice search works well.  However if price is a concern, you should know that the Android app (and probably the iPhone app) will also give you voice control, so you might want to save a few bucks there.  I personally like having a dedicated remote control instead of having to reach for my phone and start an app.  That being said, using the keyboard on the phone is far handier than using the on-screen remote control keyboard.I did watch a couple of movies and I have to say the video quality is remarkable.  It appears to be HD, and of course, part of that will always be dependent on your internet.  However, I've been using Netflix for years, and I think the video in the Fire Stick is better.  There seem to be less artifacts and screen tearing.  Likewise, the audio is very good.  Unless you're one of those audiophiles to claims to hear better than a dog, of course.  :-)  Also, there's extremely little lag between clicking Play and the movie starting.  Netflix usually has several seconds of "spin-up" before it starts.  The Forward and Rewind keys jump 10 seconds forward and back, or if you hold them down, do the usual FF/RW in several speeds.
1/1/15 Update:Have been running into some connection issues with mine of late. (Previously the only issue had been a little hiccup with the remote one time.)  Over the past week I have lost connectivity either completely or via near endless buffering several times which resulted in the need to unplug and reset the device. (I am now testing it with the HDMI extension to see if it provides any relief.)Unfortunately, amazon support via both email and telephone was disappointing as they only regurgitated the info readily available online or per the user manual. They told me they'd call me back about the matter within an hour after doing further research but ended up writing me to tell me they somehow couldn't get through to me on the phone associated with my account. Huh? Really?For the record, we have many wireless devices including iPhone, iPad, a handful of Kindles and Kindle Fires, Chromebook, Apple TV etc.  Not one of these other devices has exhibited these problems with streaming or connectivity.  When it works, the audio and video is fine. And so it goes...For the $19 paid, I'll most likely end up keeping the device...though if it keeps hiccuping over the next couple of weeks I may end up booting it to the curb and send it back to amazon. Time will tell.Original Review:Early days...but so far, so good.  Ordered this during the "Prime" member special so it was a no-brainer for me despite already owning an Apple TV.  Having the Fire Stick means I no longer have to watch Prime video by flinging the content to the Apple TV via airplay from an iPhone or iPod.  That convenience alone is worth the $19 price paid.Setup was a breeze with the pre-registration of the device and since I am familiar with my network particulars and password.Qualitatively, the video is roughly equivalent to Apple TV and if it lags at all it may simply be a result of the device location.The audio quality via Dolby Digital is superb on my system.The remote's battery compartment was a bear to get open and I ended up using the thin blade of a letter opener to assist in that needless hassle.The remote works well as does the "remote app" on my Kindle Fire HDX (when it's not losing its connection sporadically).Voice search via the app worked very well the few times I tested it.  Nice that the remote app also works with Netflix, though minus the voice search feature. (Speaking of which, Netflix audio and video was quite good as well.)I don't plan to use the unit for my Spotify, Prime Music or other music accounts as I prefer to listen to music via my component (and surround sound) audio system without the added necessity of running the TV.I know that several folks have reported issues with this device so I am hoping that I won't encounter the same during this 30 day trial period.  If all remains as is, for my particular uses it is money very well spent.I would definitely recommend this unit to friends or other interested parties.
I really like this product. It really doesn't do anything more (that I care about) than my Sony Blu-ray player that I bought a few years ago does (Amazon Prime/Netflix/Youtube). Sure it can play games, and that appeals to some, but for me, I wanted to set up streaming on a second TV - instead of having it hooked up to my computer and having to use the Flash version of the Amazon player because of ridiculous DCMA bs regarding a computer hooked up to a monitor with HDMI (no next epsiode?) With having dealt with that for the last couple years on that computer, I was quite happy to see the pre-order deal they had for this. It's a slick user interface, for the most part, and it's much quicker than my blu-ray. Streams from Amazon MUCH better. Doesn't seem to ever have the stop to buffer and have to go back out to a menu and resume it problem that the blu-ray does.What knocks it a star? Well, the phone app remote is just weird. It works on the main menu items, but for instance trying to search within Youtube, it kick you out to the main search screen, not using your voice input to populate the youtube search. I don't know any other reason I'd use that feature, so it's rather inconvenient. My blu-ray player allows the voice and keyboard input from my android tablet and it works flawlessly, so why Amazon's doesn't pull that off is the big question, I know they want to use their own "cloud" processing for the voice, but when the devices that are being used for the remote already have that feature built in, it doesn't make any sense whatsoever.But let's get back to the product proper. Easy setup, slick interface, responsive, streams smoothly, auto-plays next episode. It's a win.Oh, to end on a con, the battery door on the remote. I honestly thought I was going to break it, trying to get it open to put the batteries in. luckily, I did not, but I had visions of having to hold the batteries in with cardboard and tape, like so many other remotes that have lost their doors. So, that could/should be re-looked at.
I have not received my Fire Stick yet,  (projected delivery December 21st.) but I have done some research on what it will and will not do.As a long time Prime member, I ordered the Fire TV Stick when a discount was offered to Prime members.  Since my Internet TV (Toshiba) does not have an Amazon App, I have to use my Windows 8 PC to play Amazon videos, using the TV as a monitor screen.  This works great, but ties up my PC.The other reason for my interest was because it supports Miracast.  I have a Surface Pro 3 and conduct a lot of classes using PowerPoint.  This would allow me to project my Surface Pro 3 onto the TV as an expanded Display and see how my presentations appear.  I considered ordering the Actiontec ScreenBeam Mini2 Wireless Display Receiver which got really good reviews, but this appeared to be a better solution and offer more functionality.The info on the Fire Stick says it is "Miracast Certified", but I could not find anything on the Miracast feature on Amazon's website, but I did find quite a bit of information on forums.  If you are planning to use Miricast with a PC, this apparently does not work.  Although Amazon indicates that the Fire Stick will work with "Tablets", they do not specify that this is not true of ALL tablets.  Miracast as implemented by Amazon is incompatible with the Miracast on Windows PCs.  Whether this will be fixed or not is unknown.Amazon Prime recently gave subscribers to some really nice storage/sharing for photos and videos on their Cloud Drive....and you can share them by URL.  However, I tried uploaded a small video in AVI format that I created from my camera.  Although pictures work well, when I tried to play the video from the cloud drive, it would stop and start.....obviously a streaming problem.  I contacted customer support, and the best answer I could get after several weeks from "development" was to "TRY reducing the screen size and see if that helps."  Obviously they are not interested in fixing the problem, which makes sharing video from my cloud drive unusable.Of course, for $20, it's probably worth it to get Amazon Prime movie streaming. I will modify this review after I receive my Fire Stick and get it working.Update 12/20/2014Finally received my Fire Stick a couple of days ago.  It's easy to set up, and the interface is incredibly simple. However, beyond that I was not impressed.-  It simply does not work with Windows 8.1 Miracast on my PC's.  Links up, then Windows times out with "there was a problem" message.-  Playing videos with the Fire Stick (and on my PC) uploaded to Amazon's Cloud Drive are simply unusable....broken up, stop and start....pretty much useless.  I tried .avi files, .mpg files, and .mp4 files with the same result.-  Pictures and playing music from the library works well.I will keep the Fire Stick because it makes it easy to play Amazon Movies....and there are other useful apps...like Netflix, Vimeo, etc.....but for those of us who are not slaves to cellphones, Android devices, and Kindle products, it is of limited use, especially if you are not a Prime member.Since I have a DISH Hopper, which will use Windows Media Player as a NAS server, I can play any video or audio file directly to my TV from any of my PC's hard files (One Windows 7, two Windows 8.1)and from my backup NAS network drive, so the above problems are of little consequence locally. The big interest for me was direct TV access to Amazon Movies and Music directly from the TV, Miracast and being able to share videos via the internet. You can email pictures, but videos are usually too large.  One out of three....guess I will have to order that Actiontec Screenbeam and come up with another video sharing solution.  For 20 bucks, OK...but I am disappointed in Amazon not having their act together on this product by publishing misleading and inaccurate information.....and their support doesn't have a clue.Update 1/4/2015After a couple of weeks using this it just died.....tried it on a couple of TVs, but nada.  If it had continued to work, I would have kept it, although I was disappointed with the performance.  Looks like the ROKU 3 is a better choice, although significantly more expensive.
Wow! I cut the wire and ended my cable TV service almost a year ago. In the interim, I've experimented with several replacements. I have a Roku, and two Google Chrome Casts. Our house also has three laptops, two iPhones, and two iPads. The Roku works great - but it's about $100. The Chrome Casts are a good idea. . . but there is a known issue about using them with iPhones and Netflix (which is one of my two primary viewing picks).So . . .I figured I'd try a Fire TV Stick. The box arrived yesterday! I excitedly ripped it open, and took out the teeny Fire Stick.I figured I would replace one of my Chromecasts and see how it worked.  Now, the packaging materials say you really need to use Amazon's power plug and cable . . but I figured I could use the cable that was already there for the Chromecast, and just substitute Amazon's power plug. NOPE! The Fire Stick popped up a message on my TV screen that it wasn't getting enough power. Actually plugging in Amazon's power cable instantly fixed that problem.The Fire Stick booted up, and - WOW! It detected my home network instantly. Asked if I wanted to sync to my Amazon account. Then showed a helpful video as an "intro to your Fire Stick." It took me two more minutes to find and download the Netflix and Hulu Plus apps, and I was ready to go. Just 15 minutes from opening the box to full functionality.The picture is beautiful! Navigation with the supplied remote is easy - and will become easier once my thumb learns that the large center wheel is used for "Enter." Navigation is extremely intuitive. And the variety of programming is exactly what I need. Some pluses above my ROKU are that the Amazon programming is much easier to find (for obvious reasons), and the user interface is friendlier.Can't wait until they release the iOS app for voice navigation!I liked my Fire TV Stick so much, that ten minutes after I finished setting it up - I ordered a second one!
I used my free trial of prime to get this for $19 during the 2 day sale.  For that price, I really can't complain.  But the Fire TV stick may not be the flawless TV device you think it is.First off, I've never used Roku, Apple TV, or the larger Fire TV version, so I can't make any comparisons to those devices.When I first plugged in the device, even though I was using the included AC adapted which was plugged into a surge protector, I got the error message saying there wasn't enough power supplied.  Rather than fumble around with whatever the issue was, I just clicked okay and moved on.  After you set up your wifi, the rest is pretty much done.  The unit is shipped with your account information, so you don't even need to worry about that.The interface is pretty easy to navigate.  A deticated home button on the remote always brings you back to the home screen and you're able to find your recently used apps there.  There are plenty of free apps to make your device feel useful without spending a dime.  Apps such as Crackle and History channel all have a few free episodes to watch, and Apps such as PBS kids and Nickelodeon all have free episodes with kid friendly shows.  If you have a cable subscription with these channels, you're able to get even more.The device also works well for gaming.  Again, there's a fair amount of games for free, and even more for just a buck or two.  Graphics are obviously not PS3 level, but still pretty good.  You likely won't get this as a gaming console, but it's a very nice bonus.  Also, if you plan to play games on this a lot, you may want to invest in one of the optional controllers.There's also a few extra features that are rather nice.  For instance, any music you've downloaded from Amazon is automatically added to the music section.  Unfortunately, nothing from iTunes.  Also, if you download the Amazon cloud drive on your phone, it will automatically upload pictures from your phone so you can look at them on your TV.Another thing worth noting is that the remote communicates via bluetooth.  This is both good and bad.  Good because you don't have to worry about your TV or other things getting in the way of the signal, but bad because you won't be able to use a Harmony or other universal remote.  So if you're sick of how many remotes you have, guess what, you're getting another one.The biggest drawback for me is this device seems to be pretty much an advertisement for Amazon and Amazon Prime.  The watchlist, movies, TV shows, search option, are all for Amazon videos.  This means if you're not a Prime member and/or don't have an interest in downloading movies from Amazon, roughly 1/3 of this device will be useless.  I wouldn't even mind so much if you could customize your home screen, but it always suggests movies and TV shows and you're always scrolling past it in the menu.  Even the voice search function (if you bought the remote or have the ap) brings you to Amazon content.  While this isn't a huge problem, it's still a bit of a let down.So to recap...Pros:- Affordable- Easy to navigate- Easy to setup- Quick and powerful- Plenty of stuff for free- Even more content for just a few bucks- Games are impressive for just a tiny stickCons:- The device is really designed with Prime members in mind- Videos and search functions are just for Amazon content- Can't customize the home screenOverall, I'm really pleased with this, and the few drawbacks mentioned weren't even enough to take away a star.  I'm really looking forward to learning more about this device and filling it up with games and apps.
First off, this product isn't for everyone. No product really is, but for me and many like me, it's a great product. Let me also say that I may be slightly partial, because, although I did not get it for free, I did get it half price during the promotion.Like many people, my family has cut the cord and we just use internet services and local streaming of our own movies such as:NetflixAmazon Prime StreamingPlex (for streaming local content from our network)NBA Gametime (to stream NBA League Pass Broadband directly to TV)Hulu Plus (occasionally we get a month. Hate the ads, love some of the content)HBO Go (we'll be subscribing when it is available by itself. Currently pay a friend who has Dish to subscribe so we can use his HBOGO login)Pandora music (free, great for parties)Amazon Music streaming (free, but only has your Amazon music unless you also subscribe to streaming music. Prime Music is awesome, but requires you to manually add albums from their library before playing on the stick-- you can't just browse all and play like you can on the IOS app for iphone)Over the past few years, we've ripped all of our DVDs to PC, so Plex basically lets us use a network hard drive as our own personal movie jukebox. Between that and the streaming services listed above, the device is a one-stop shop. We rarely even change TV inputs unless we are playing games. FireTV is where we go for music, movies, TV, etc.The good+Streaming works flawlessly for all apps tried, except for NBA League Pass which has an occasional hiccup. It looks like it may just be the programming of the app+The 2-3 second boot up for Netflix films isn't terribly noticeable+lots of options+game apps work relatively well with any bluetooth controller, but are limited graphically (still, there are some cool games for it) It's never going to be a gaming console, but you can play a quick round of Tetris while you wait.The bad-well, there is some lag when accessing stuff other than Amazon's stuff. I don't have an issue waiting 3 seconds to pull up an episode I'm about to binge watch for 1-2 hours, but some may complain. It's definitely less pronounced than my Apple TV2, but not instant like the Fire TV box.-Amazon's stuff is front and center and dominates the UI (for obvious reasons), but the "recent" bin makes it easy to get to other apps-Within Amazon streaming, it's often difficult to determine what is free and what is a rental. the little blue stripe at the top indicates it, but you are better off looking through their Prime library than actually looking for specific movies.-No easy way to directly stream content to the stick/TV a la Chromecast. As I've said-- I'm thrilled watching streaming services and local content, but I havent found a way to mirror a web browser or tablet screen onto the device. For me, that is inconsequential. For others, that may be a game breaker. Just know what you are in for.-minor hiccup, but with a top-rated USB power port, it told me that the USB port wasn't supported, but still worked flawlessly. Maybe that is an error.It's basically an elegant stick for a cheap price that does everything it does well. It's beefier than all the other "stick" form factor streaming devices, but weaker than all the "box" streamers (duh). It's missing a couple of features that not many people will notice. It's also held back by the (intentionally?) bad UI within the Amazon Streaming App. Still, this was the best purchase I've made this year at $20 and at $40, it would still be worth it.
Let me preface this by saying that I've always been a fan of Amazon and their service.  Unfortunately, I had the same issues that many seem to have encountered.  The WiFi connectivity is spotty, at best.  Here's my experience:1. Went to Best Buy and bought it for $25 because I didn't want to wait the 1+ month Amazon was showing I'd wait for it to arrive.2. Got home, plugged it in, got the prompts for connecting to a network, but for some reason couldn't connect to my network telling me that it couldn't reach Amazon.com. Note that, while having to enter my network password about 20 times due to the systems inability to connect, the remote has some glitch that was causing it to randomly move across the characters as if I was holding down the left/right/up/down portions of the remote.  This was very frustrating, to say the least.3. Went to the support page and it mentioned resetting via the remote and/or unplugging.  Tried both.4. Finally got connected to my network and it prompted to download an update, which I started.5. About 2 minutes into the update download, it tells me that it's lost connectivity, so I try to connect again and no go.  Tried resetting again, Googling for a fix and still no go.6. Called Amazon support and she indicated it may be defective and to go back to Best Buy to get an exchange.7. Went back to Best Buy and did the exchange.8. Came back home and, guess what, same exact thing.  Even the bug with the remote.9. Called Amazon support and she indicated that sometimes registering the serial number resolves the download issue, so she registered my serial number.10. While still on the line with Amazon, tried connecting and was successful.  Was prompted for downloading the update and it started.  Seemed to be downloading without issue, so I let the Amazon support go.11. 6+ hours later, the update was finally finished downloading and applied.  This process started around 6pm and finished around midnight.12. Now I thought I was in business, except the tiles were taking forever to show and it was pretty much unusable.  At this point, I was tired and went to bed.13. Next day I called Amazon back and was transferred to a second level of support that seemed much more knowledgeable.  Explained to him all the things I went through the previous day. He suggested that, instead of plugging the unit directly into the HDMI port on my TV, try using the dongle to connect it.  Sure enough, that seemed to do the trick so we finished the call.14. Over the next day, I still noticed that my router was showing it only connecting between 5 & 11 mbps, sometimes down to 1 or 2 mbps.  Other devices were having no issues connecting at 50 mbps.  Also, things just weren't very consistent.  The device cut out alot, having to buffer and what not.  So, I moved the router so it is directly in the line of sight of the unit and that seemed to help.  Now it seems to be connecting around 26 mbps, but still there's this spotiness to it's ability to stream anything.  Sometimes, I give up and go back to the PS3 for a smooth experience.Earlier this week I got the one I ordered from Amazon. I decided to return it today, unopened, due to a very frustrating attempt to watch the PBS News Hour this evening.  And it wasn't just PBS.  I could go into Netflix or any Amazon prime movie and same thing, cuts out frequently.  So, I've finally given up on this product.  I'll keep the one from Best Buy for novelty and, who knows, someday maybe it'll be worth something like an Atari E.T. video game cartridge.
Terrible product!  Released 1/2 baked.  I really wanted to use it for Amazon Prime which I cannot get on my Apple TV.  I had very high hopes... The packaging is fantastic...  The remote and the device is clean and even the power "brick" is really well thought out...  They even loaded in my prime data which was a very nice touch!!  ... but when it comes to using it... it falls well short of any reasonable expectation.  I'm not being picky... it's really bad.  I hope the rest of the "fire" line is better than this device.Issues:The fire stick suffers from huge delays.  I'm not talking about 1-2 seconds...  Press the button to scroll down 3 movies and it just sits there... then all of a sudden it will start hopping all over the place.  Cold rebooted and started pushing the button's slower...  ALLOT slower and it still got stuck.  I have the A/C plugged in...  It's either a really slow processor or lousy firmware/software.  My guess is that it's the software since any basic processor can scroll etc...  The system was not doing anything else at the time..I finally got it to play a video...  Video on Amazon prime is very blurry when compared to netflix or youtube or anything else that's "HD" on the Apple TV.  Checked the internet connection and it was "very good".  Router is 20' from the device with a clear line of sight.  seriously blurry like netflix was 10 years ago...  I played "catching fire" *(Ironic...)  on a 2 year old Apple TV and the Fire and the difference was dramatic.The Parental controls are horrible.  I just don't want anyone buying movies without a password.  You can't just enable that.  It becomes a huge hassle to use the device if you turn on parental controls...Update this AM:Restarted the fire TV and it can't find any internet connection.  It's stuck there not able to find any connection even though every other device is connected and working..  Apple TV, Chromebook, Phone, PS3.Don't buy this product... at least not yet.  It has allot of hope but this generation is a bust.
I will be one of the the 5000... But anyway after 5000 positive reviews it is pretty obvious this thing works well. Now that being said here is a review from a father of a 3 year old and 6 year old. All the positives are true this thing is great for a adult without kids hurry up and buy one. Now the real world, this thing has major concerns for parents in a few departments:  1. The remote is very small and thin. This thing will get lost, just a matter of time,  2. There is lots of things to click on for a kid, they can download games, apps... Parental control is a must but the parental control is not perfect. It took me $50 worth of buying to figure it out and so far so good. There is a parental control to turn on games or off games. What is the best is parental control on.. Pin on purchase. Under Apps section select "in-app purchasing off"  3. Don't make the pin easy to see because when you select them on the screen it makes a visible blink on every number so if you use 55555 they will only watch it once and see it because there is no number buttons on the remote you must move and click each number individually. I used something like 54545 and then I move the remote to other numbers before pushing the correct ones. They watch it very carefully.  4. I wish they could make it so I have to enter the pin to turn it on completely that way I can limit how easily they can use this thing.  5. The content is all mixed together so some Prime free tv shows are then mixed with purchase only shows and my children get frustrated. If you select Amazon Prime first this doesn't happen but the homescreen is littered with clickables and it hard to navigate past all the goodies if you were 6 or 3..To sum it up this Fire stick is awesome but has its drawbacks for a parent with children. I will keep it and use it because it works much better than my Sony Blu-Ray player. It streams much faster with no buffering while the blu-ray will buffer on most movies.
I don’t do a lot of reviews on the things that I purchase on Amazon.  I read them all of the time here, and base many of my purchases on how good the reviews rate something. That being said, I’m balancing out some of the negative ratings on the Amazon Fire Stick because frankly, some of the reviews here are are written by idiots.I haven’t had any issues with speed.  Yes, the stick requires Wi-Fi instead of being able to directly tie it into your internet like the regular Amazon Fire TV.  I don’t have both items, so I can’t compare the speeds between them.  This is primarily used for work travel to be used on hotel televisions, so that the laptop can be used for work related activities.  Even on hotel Wi-Fi is has worked well.  Perhaps some people who have complained about speed aren’t taking in account their own home Wi-Fi and how many items are using their bandwidth.  Complainers like this are typically the same ones who forget that brick walls disrupt their Wi-Fi signal or think that because their car can parallel park itself that it will keep them on the road while they text in rush hour traffic.Fun fact two?  We have this connected to Hulu Plus, Netflix, and our Amazon Prime account.  These are all paid services.  If you think that you are going to get these or any other service free because an advertisement showed someone using it with the Fire TV or TV stick then do us all a favor.  Get a mirror, look at your reflection within it daily, and spend at least thirty minutes a week building up your self-esteem, because like is going to be hard for your otherwise.Finally, like anything else in life, research goes a long way.  Yes you need an internet connection.  No, it might not work with every provider.  Yes, it is similar to Roku, so having both is stupid.  No, it might not work outside of the US.  Yeah, it comes with a power adapter, so guess what?!  It works best with the power adapter!  Research, don’t be stupid, and for the people of tired of reading your life fails.In conclusion, we have had no issues with our Amazon Fire Stick.  We researched, use it effectively, and are really happy with it.  We also got it for 19 bucks, which made it even better.  It is a great deal nonetheless.  I recommend it to everyone.  Even stupid people.
You will need a couple things to dump cable. First you need a digital antenna. Mine is as thin as a sheet of paper and picks up all the stations from 35 to 40 miles. Go to antennaweb.org to find the free digital HD signals in your zip. With the Fire you need Hulu Plus to get current TV shows already recorded for you. Like the world's largest TiVo with 400 networks including the 40 most popular. You can watch many the next day and some a few days later but often the entire series for power watching. Never wait for a program to come on. Just simply select it and watch. You of course want to watch movies. And Prime will give you all you can watch and 2 day shipping as a bonus. For your over the air local shows, some day you are going to want to record when there are three good shows all at the same time. For that you might want a Channel Master DVR+. It uses an antenna connection and records in 1080p and uses a hard drive (or two) for hundreds of hours. There is no rush to buy a DVR and after you save on cable fees you will have so much extra cash. I cut the cable 5 years ago when the digital transition happened. The picture quality was better than the cable since there was no compression. Watching sports on the weekend and Nature on PBS it was like being there and my TV never looked so good. With Prime and Hulu Plus the cost is $16.20 and since there is no monthly fee to own as many Fire TV's or Sticks as you want, might as well get both or some of each. If you have the bandwidth, you can run 2 Amazon streams and 1 Hulu Plus at the same time. At The Same Time. I'm not a big fan of Netflix. But if you want their service, you can run 1 to 4 streams for 8 to 12/mo.
Set up was pretty easy.  Logging into Prime and Netflix-no problem.  I really like the interface on Netflix.  Unfortunately, I am unable to watch ANY programs.  They come up when I search but when I hit play, they just get stuck in the "loading" loop ad infinitum.  I had my old ROKU set up on another channel so I checked that it wasn't my Internet connection.  The first generation ROKU loads up netflix quickly.  The new firestick not only does not load up netflix content, but doesn't load up Amazon content either.  What a dud!!!  Also, I'm having trouble with the remote.  It seems to click ahead twice for every click and when you try to enter stuff on the keyboard with the remote, it will often enter two letters or skip a whole row of letters.  Another glitch is that the onscreen keyboard occasionally goes out of wack where the letters get scrambled and are no longer in the alphabetical order that is normal for a keyboard entry.  I will seek out the help desk but right now I would recommend people hold off until the bugs are worked out.Edit:  I figured out the problem. Truns out after having no problem initially connecting to my router, the firestick was having authentation issues.  After re-entering my password, still had authentication issues.  Went back to my ROKU and it was having a few issues but not nearly as bad.  I have an older TV and the HDMI inputs are in the back of the TV which was shielding the signal from the stick.  If you have a similar set up, I would avoid buying any of the stick devices and go with the set top type boxes.  My short-term solution is to angle my TV slightly so that there is a slight gap facing towards my router.  I might end up moving my router closer to the TV (or behind it)
I have a modern, Internet-enabled TV... but I also have an early, first-generation 24" Sharp digital TV that has HDMI inputs, but no Internet capability, and that's why I bought a Fire TV Stick. The good news: The Fire stick not only works better than my Roku box, it's better at streaming digital content than my 55" LG TV. I've had many problems streaming Amazon content with my LG, but the Fire Stick seems to handle it effortlessly, with no waits while the TV stops and fills the buffer again. All in all very well engineered product. But it does have a few flaws. As others have noted, the small size is a bit misleading, as the Fire Stick needs an external USB power supply- which is included.The bigger problem is that it doesn't work with my Sharp old TV. It took me a while to figure out that there was an incompatibility problem, and that I wasn't just dealing with a defective Stick. After a half hour of restarting, plugging and unplugging, changing batteries and pushing buttons, I switched TVs... and it started up right away. So while it's a great unit, be aware that it may not work with your older TV. Having an HDMI input is no guarantee of compatibility.Two month update:I have been very pleased with the performance of the Fire Stick for the past two months. It's far better at streaming Amazon video than is my Internet-ready LG TV- no pauses for buffering, sound synch errors, etc- and better at You Tube and Netflix streaming, too. It works better than the Roku boxes I've owned in the past, too. But tonight it suddenly quit working after only two months. I put in a warranty repair/replacement request, and I'll report back here how long it takes to get a replacement.
Operates Fine. Registration sucked! The installation is simple as one would expect. It started up, I added the necessary info to connect to my network and it checked for updates. Simple.The trouble began while I was trying to register it. I typed my Amazon email address and password into the appropriate boxes and submitted. The screen changed to indicate a process was occurring but, at the end, I was kicked back to the screen for the email address with an error to the effect of "no such Amazon account".I carefully double checked my entries as I don't often type (really never since I use a password vault) my Amazon password. After seeing everything was correct, I submitted with the same error as the result. I tried powering off and then on the Stick: same old, same old. I did a hard reset (hold the play/pause and center button until it resets) and started over from scratch: NOPE!Finally, I turned to the forum and found the link to customer service for Fire TV: https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/digital-video#aI found the link in the forum in a reply from customer service to a complaint from another user with the same issue. This was after an exhaustive search of the help pages. I think there needs to be created a few more EXPLICIT categories in the customer service "Contact Us" area.I started a chat with the rep and I was asked for the DSN# from the package. I had to pull out the scanning electron microscope as my reading glasses weren't up to the task of reading the 6 pt type. After a couple of minutes, I was informed that the device was registered and I was asked to power off and restart (I ignored that). I hit submit from the, by now, hated registration screen and, after 15 seconds, I was greeted by an introductory video.This all took place over the period of about 2 hours!Best that I can understand, the devices go out tied to your account in some way. Evidently, they were not processed correctly so they cannot be registered. Seems strange but that is what I have read.So, if your registration fails more than once with good email address and password, use the link above to chat with customer support. Be prepared with the DSN and ask that the device be registered for you as your attempts to do so have failed.I would give 4 stars were it not for the time-wasting hassle. The Stick works smoothly and, at least for me, streams beautifully. I would not give 5 stars because the device doesn't seem special and it should include, as part of the design, the ability to stream by DLNA so I can ditch other devices. The available apps I have seen to accomplish DLNA get mixed reviews with only PLEX getting more than an average rating.As far as PLEX goes . . . MEH. A bit buggy for me in that it won't recognize and add to the library videos that should be compatible. I have checked and compared them with a software tool that reads the characteristics of the encoding and I can find no substantive difference between those that are recognized and those that are not. I have searched the PLEX fora and help and I can't nail down the problem. If anyone knows the answer, comment here as I will be receiving updates.
UPDATED 3/27/15:I don't know if it's because I updated my Android OS to Lollipop, or if there was an update pushed to my Fire Stick, but screen mirroring works, and works well.Also, HBO GO has been released for the Fire Stick.We'll have to wait until the fall to see if NHL GameCenter/Center Ice is available.I am now pleased with this product.ORIGINAL REVIEW: I will start with a big negative: Screen mirroring with Samsung Galaxy S5 does not work. My phone recognizes the Fire Stick, and the Fire Stick apparently recognizes my phone. When I try to do the screen mirroring, my TV says that it is preparing to mirror with my phone, and it calls my phone by name. So I'm pretty sure the two are talking to each other. However, after several seconds I get an error message saying that they can't mirror. Wireless screen mirroring is a big reason why I bought this. I have plenty of other ways to stream Netflix, Amazon movies, etc to my TV. I have done some internet research and it appears that nobody else has successfully mirrored their Galaxy S5 with the Fire Stick. Second negative: No HBO GO (supposedly coming soon) and no NHL Gamecenter Live. I guess its my fault for not doing more research before buying and finding out ahead of time that those two apps aren't available. Fortunately I pre-ordered the Stick during the sale period and only paid $19. If I had paid full price I would be returning it. Positives: Easy to set up, easy to use, seems to have a faster connection to my WiFi than my PS4. I haven't experienced any low quality video or buffering while using Netflix or Amazon movies.My recommendation: If HBO Go, NHL Gamecenter, or screen mirroring are important to you, I would wait a while to buy this and maybe the apps will be available and maybe the screen mirroring will be fixed.What's really frustrating me is that the Galaxy S5 is the most sold Android device in the US. You'd think that Amazon would have released a product that works properly with the most popular Android device. If the screen mirroring doesn't get fixed soon, if HBO Go isn't added soon, and if NHL Gamecenter isn't available next season, the Fire Stick is quickly going to become another obsolete device in my junk drawer.
Very disappointing, I love Amazon but this product should of been in beta longer.  Delivery was quicker than expected and at $19 it was hard to pass up.  Setup was super easy and relatively quick (some updates are downloaded initially ).  What drives me crazy is the latency between the remote and Unit.  Since it at times so slow, it feels like its not responding at all, so naturally you press the button again.  Well eventually ( in 10-30 seconds) the unit catches up and follows those commands except that now you have managed to click 2 or 3 times and now You have to go back and wait again.  On two instances I found myself waiting in excess of 5min for the system to respond and I finally unplugged it to cut the power to it and reconnected it just to get it working again.  Amazon streaming works great but the search results aren't always accurate.  I searched for "jake and The never land pirates" and two results popped up, one was 100% match while the other added the word "free" at the end.  Naturally I clicked on that however all the choices there were season 1-3 and were all pay per view choices, very misleading especially if parental controls are not enabled to block such a purchase even though the search clearly indicated it was free.  But that wasn't the big issue as we also subsribe to Netflix and they offer that title free.  So I press back, goto Netflix, choose launch app, and after a few seconds (a little slower than on my iOS devices) I get into Netflix.  I choose The show, it starts to buffer and the goes into a blue and white screen of death.  If I didn't know any better I thought they stole that right out of a Microsoft play book.  But this screen of death is not as bad as the music is playing and the image on the screen reads "hdcp unauthorized content disabled". I googled it and it's a known issue on roku devices but there isn't much in the way of information on Amazon tv stick.  Will update the review when it's less frustrating to use.
I can't believe how much I enjoy this device. It was worth every penny of the $19 promotional price. (And now that I have it it would have been worth every penny of the regular $39 price) ESPECIALLY if you are an Amazon Prime subscriber.With Prime you get access to a ton of free movies. If you are a regular movie watcher, that will pay for itself pretty quick. There are a good number of free TV shows available as well, but not nearly to the extent that moves are available.As for the operation of the device it's VERY smooth and responsive. There is no lad when clicking buttons. The on screen menu keeps up with your clicks on the remote as fast as you can press the button. (Some similar devices have a small lag) And when you select a video it plays very quickly. No waiting for the content to buffer. Of course that's with mine being very close to my wifi router so it's optimized for a good connection.I found I didn't need the wall plug as was strongly recommended. (Comes with the FireStick) Plugging the device into the USB port on my TV gave it all the power it needs to run well. Note: the device plugs into the HDMI port. A USB connection is required to give it power to run.The remote is very small and simple. It easily hides in a drawer when not in use. Or you can also set up the device to run off your TV remote (or a Universal Remote like the Logitech Harmony series) if your TV is CEC capable. That means the device can be controlled through the HDMI connection using your TV's inferred sensor. I was pleasantly surprised to find that feature worked right away right out of the box.One important note....it comes pre loaded with your Amazon.com account info on it. So if you are giving it as a gift, open it and delete your account info first.
The Amazon Fire TV Stick works really well for the Amazon ecosystem. I really enjoyed the experience.The installation process is reasonable straightforward. After connecting the power, I plugged it to one of the HDMI ports on my Onkyo Receiver which is connected to the TV through HDMI cable. Installation on TV using the remote control is pretty straightforward except entering the network password using the remote, which failed numerous times because I was confused by one of the letters displayed on screen. It's annoying that it doesn't connect to the router by using WPS protocol. This is my first connected A/V device that doesn't allow WPS connection.It connects to the network and Amazon server in seconds. I used to take a break when connecting to Amazon server using my Samsung Blu ray player. So this is a big plus.  Thanks to its fast processor and the 8GB on board memory, the 10 sec fast rewind and fast forward buttons are very sweet, doing that on smart blu ray is nearly impossible. Slow connection to server, slow download, and poor response to remote control are the main reasons that I prefer local media over streaming. Amazon Fire TV Stick large takes care of these issues.Going through contents is smooth, thanks to the fast response to the remote control. Youtube works well. Currently there are not many Apps or subscriptions available, which doesn't bother me much because I don't use them. A major concern is that it doesn't play any local contents, such as photos, musics, and videos stored on a network drive. You need to keep your media player such as smart blu ray player.The hardware is pretty well designed with just a few minor issues. The USB power supply plug is a cool looking tiny box, but it's a bit too wide that it lands on the base of the adjacent plugs. Plug slots are typically precious near the entertainment center. There is no reason to have a USB power plug taking up 3 slots. The remote control is sleek and the minimalistic keys are easy to access by touch (i.e. I don't to look at them in the dark). The battery cover for the remote control is very hard to open. Hopefully I'll not need to be open it again. The remote control feels a bit slippery and cheap. A rubber finish or a texture  finish would help.Pros:1. Reasonably easy to install2. Very fast connection to server and download3. Fast and responsive remote control actions help the experience closer to local media play4. Fast 10s rewind and forward keys work wellCons:1. Lack of WPS router connection means you have to enter the network password with a remote control.2. USB power plug lands on the base of the adjacent plugs - would take 3 slots on a power strip.3. The battery cover for the remote control is very hard to open.4. It doesn't play any local media stored on network drives.Buying the Fire TV Stick is a very nice experience. I pre-ordered it for $19, which was a very sweet deal and I barely glanced through the feature listing before placing my order. It was originally scheduled for early January 2015 delivery. Amazon moved up the date twice so I received it on 12/12j, which means I can play with it and watch movies during the holiday season. I have to say Amazon really knows how to spoil their customers. Very pleased.
Amazon offered these for ~$20 for about a day or two when they first came out. I jumped on it at that price because we were looking for streaming device for our second TV. I'm blow away by the quality of this product. Here's my review.Responsible, Sustainable Product Packaging:It came in a cardboard box that looked like it had been designed by a sustainable designer for a watch or jewelry. The only plastic used in packaging was the thin transparent bags that exactly fit the charger, the dongle and the remote. Everything else was arranged in its place in the cardboard box. For those of you who are interested in responsible product packaging - this is one to learn from. Job well done, Amazon.Pros:It's easy to assemble, and install. We had it up in 10 minutes. We also have a Roku. Everything we already watch on the Roku we can also watch on this device, but now on our other TV.Picture quality is excellent. The number of apps available is pretty decent. We installed the Youtube app right away. Amazon prime movies look great on the TV. Many of the other apps we've installed on Fire TV Stick are well designed. Smithsonian Channel is breathtaking. Changing between menus is easy and intuitive through out. If you have and like you're Roku 3, you'll find this interface familiar and easy to manage.The included remote is simple and intuitive. You can download the android app for your own phone or tablet to make entering choices a lot easier, too.We've had it for a few days now and are well pleased. Prime movies are a snap.This is not a Chromecast. You don't have to have a computer or tablet on in order to view things streamed via your computer. Yet if you want to stream a particular Youtube video to your television, you can with this device from your computer, phone or tablet.Cons:The Fire TV Stick is set up to encourage its owners to view Amazon's videos. If you don't have Amazon prime, it could make you a bit frustrated that the first thing you always see is a bunch of movies you're probably never going to watch. If you *have* Amazon Prime, your experience will be pretty enjoyable. Roku is a little more subtle about it. You can arrange your channels (Amazon calls them apps) right at the top of your home page on Roku. Not so much with Amazon Fire TV Stick. If it doesn't appear on the "recent" menu, you'll have to dig down into the menu nest to find your preferred channels (like YouTube or Smithsonian.)The Second criticism I have is for the lack of an aggregate news feed. Roku has a news aggregator that is part of its interface and not an app, so you can click one button to check out the headlines from multiple news sources while you're shaving or dressing for work. Amazon doesn't have an included aggregate news feed, but instead relies on apps that are from separate news outlets. You watch one clip and it stops. Then you have to click another news clip. If you want a more rounded news experience, you have to manually go between apps to find news. It's not as convenient as Roku's aggregate feed, where you'll get about fifteen to twenty minutes of clips from multiple news outlets. How about it, Amazon?Overall:If price is no object, a Roku 3 is still hard to beat. If you're a Prime Movie and TV fan, you'll enjoy using this device. We have prime, so it's a working solution for us.Edit 2015.01.27:I will offer one peeve that has cropped up. For the FireTV apps (PBS, for example), search function has to happen through the remote. If you're looking for "Grantchester", you'll have to wiggle up and down that crummy interface on the FireTV with the little remote. You can't type it in from your Android-enabled remote app. You can't speak it in from there either. The android-enabled remote app has either been hampered on purpose, or poorly designed. Amazon - please fix this. Intentionally hampering a reasonable user experience is beneath you.
I own a Fire TV and I've been very happy with it. I was excited to see Fire TV Stick and ordered on the first day it was announced. $20 was a no-brainer. My primary need for this was to use it with its parental controls enabled so kids could enjoy Amazon Instant Video / FreeTime.To my surprise, FreeTime app is nowhere to be found here. I was expecting it to have the same apps that the Fire TV does so this was rather disappointing.Next, I tried setting up the parental controls. The set up works fine but the execution of parental controls is woefully flawed. When it prompts you to enter your PIN for parental controls, the numbers can be easily read and memorized by kids because of the huge number pad visible on the screen. So it defeats the purpose of a parental lock when you have to inadvertently reveal the secret code to the kids. I used the Fire TV app on my Nexus 5, thinking that because I'm entering the PIN using my phone, it should not display the digits on the TV screen. No, it still FAILS MISERABLY when it comes to parental controls. There is no option to disable the feedback it gives showing each digit that you enter.Let's say that you do ask your kids to not look when you are typing the PIN, the way parental control works is still ridiculous. I wish it had the options to enable contents based on rating so I could block everything that was not rated G or PG. But I cannot. For every movie or TV show (including those for kids, rated G or TV-G), you MUST enter the PIN if you have parental controls enabled. When you enter the PIN so many times in front of kids, it's natural for them to memorize it, unless your child is so young (under 3) that they have yet to figure out numbers.So I thought that I would disable parental controls because it was useless. But I wanted to still lock it when purchasing apps or renting/buying content. It turns out that you cannot do that either. You must first enable parental controls to enable PIN-lock for contents.I only bought it for kids and since it cannot do basic parental controls, it is very much useless for me. I'm glad I only spent $20 on it.  I am hoping that Amazon gets this feedback to improve it in the next software update.▒▒▒▒▒ UPDATE 04/14/2015 ▒▒▒▒▒Amazon just released a software update (Fire OS Update 1.5) for Fire TV and Fire TV Stick that addresses the visible PIN issue. THANK YOU AMAZON!! I'm raising the rating for this product (4 stars). I'll update this review if Amazon finally offers FreeTime app with the Stick.
I've tried the Roku in the past, and managed to crash it. However, I understand the idea behind Raspberry Pi and all of the devices like Chromecast. It offers an inexpensive way for people to stream media onto their TV's without the clutter and cumbersome use of large computers/laptops or wires. That said, I still prefer my "media center" PC that is dedicated for use with my flat screen TV. The Fire TV stick was well made, but it is very limited in functionality compared to my PC. In addition, the Fire TV stick is WiFi only and somehow has pretty poor reception. My Samsung Galaxy S5 has full strength WiFi throughout the house, but the Fire TV stick starts to lose speed and continuously buffers even with it being about 25 feet from my WiFi router. It is also very picky about which AC adapter is being used. The adapter included is a 5W Amazon adapter which it needs. However, when I use a 10W Samsung charger for my Galaxy Note 10.1, it states to use the Amazon adapter as if the 10W adapter isn't as powerful as the 5W adapter.Installation wasn't too bad at all, but I couldn't skip the tutorial. The MAC address is also readily available, which makes signing into Access Controlled WiFi networks very convenient. I wanted to like the Fire TV stick, but it kept buffering my shows and many of them weren't capable of being played in HD due to the slow data transfer speeds. Once in a blue moon, the show would play in HD until it started buffering again.It also focuses on the Amazon Prime / Instant Video ecosystem. It offers the ability to load apps for other services, but many of them require paying for a subscription. This goes back to my recommendation for a dedicated PC. My "media center" PC runs Windows 7 and a Core i3 processor with a hardwired Ethernet connection. I can watch Hulu free shows as well as Amazon Prime / Instant Video, and websites that use Flash (such as MotoGP Videopass). As for folks interested in cutting their cable, the Fire TV stick is not your end-all solution. I use free over-the-air HDTV which has limitations during high winds and I am missing a lot of sports channels. I just trained myself to ignore the need for all those extra channels to save on cable bills.The remote control battery cover can be hard to remove, but the key is to depress it harder in the middle seam where there is a plastic tab that clicks into place. There's also a Fire TV app available for Android where you can control the Fire TV stick.Overall: 4/5 stars, meh I wasn't too impressed compared to my media center PC. Granted the PC is about 10 times more expensive than the full retail Fire TV stick, I just don't see the Fire TV stick replacing my media PC anytime soon especially with the pitifully slow WiFi and constant buffering. My WiFi network works fine with the iPad Air, Galaxy tablets, Galaxy S5 phone, etc... Bottom line: At half the retail price I paid for the Fire TV stick (during a 2 day special), it isn't too bad. At the current full retail price, I recommend looking at the full Fire TV instead of the stick. In the meantime, I'm going to stick with my PC.
I already own Amazon Fire TV and love that for Amazon Prime Video & TV. I too was fortunate to order one of these as soon as it was announced. As an Amazon Prime member like most of you, I was able to buy the Fire TV Stick for $19 during a two day sale. For that price, I figured, I might as well test it out! - Having said, I must admit for mere $20 this Fire TV Stick is an Awesome value product. Amazon has indeed made an excellent streaming media player for the masses and most cases works better than the Amazon app included in most big screen TVs.What I expected I got - Thank you Amazon for an amazing value product, now I can have the same capable streaming media player experience in my bedroom what I have been using all these days in living room via Amazon FireTV. Granted Amazon FireTV has Optical Audio out which integrates well into my 5.1 surround sound system but this one is perfect for the second TV in your household.PROS[+] Excellent quality product[+] (Advanced Streaming And Prediction) works great in pre-buffering and no lagging or spinning circles for the video to load[+] Better than chromecast in most respects and this one includes Remote![+] Includes all necessary hardware including power adapter, USB cables, HDMI extension cable, AAA batteries[+] PLEX app works great and can be used for streaming personal local media files from PLEX server[+] Netflix works perfectly[+] YouTube works greatCONS[-] No voice search since the included remote is not capable of that (you can always pair a voice search capable remote)[-] Little difficult to open the battery compartment of the included remote (minor quibble)Amazon FireTV stick is a very capable product and has a nicer user interface that everyone in your family can enjoy Prime shows & allows kids to play casual gaming on large screen TV.Overall I am pleased with this product and rating this with Five Stars!
USER TIP - use the HDMI Extender------------------ORIGINAL REVIEW---------------------So far, this has been a piece of junk, but the repetitious nature makes me think that I have a lemon.First of all, it wouldn't connect to the remote.  Now you have to know, you have NO WAY of knowing if the remote is working or not.  You put in the batteries and press buttons.  If the stick responds, then you have a connection.  For us, it took 4 sets of batteries and multiple "reboots" before we got the connection.  Woo Hoo!  Note that set #1 was included with the Fire stick.  Sets 2 and 3 were found around the house, and set 4 is brand new from the store.So I get connection and find that the remote is a piece of work to negotiate the numbers for my net key.  Oh my goodness, it is horrible.  Click it once and it toggles over anywhere from none to 8+ numbers.  And with the 3 second delay, one never knows if it took or not... oops, it did!  Passed the number!Lastly, it won't connect to my internet.  Several minutes to negotiate the entrance of 10 numbers each time, and it fails to connect!  I have signal, don't know what is the issue.  After several tries, I'm done.And lastly, where's the customer support?  I will gladly update this review once I can get it working, but at this point, I'm an unhappy customer with a piece of junk electronic gadget.----------------------UPDATE---12/17/2014-----------------------So we got an email from ACS, and after those tips didn't work, I spoke with service rep, who after working through his tricks, agreed to expedite a replacement unit.  In the meantime, I noted a comment elsewhere that a trick or two worked for some folks - use the short HDMI extender / try a different HDMI port.  When the replacement wasn't connecting, I tried using the extender.  Oh goodness!  The Stick worked and recognized the remote.  The remote worked and only moved one number for each click (Hallelujah!!)  The unit connected to my WiFi.  And I was able to stream a movie on Prime without any issue!I'm going to give it a couple of weeks and then update the review and rating.  For now, today, it's a 5, which averages to a 3 with my original 1 rating!
I was looking at Fire TV as a potential way to disconnect my PC from my TV. So far it's inferior in every way. For $20 it's not a loss at all but it's turning me off to the idea of using a Fire TV (box or stick), Roku, Chromecast, etc...Setup 5/5The Fire TV Stick came with my Prime account setup already. The only other step I needed to do was simply inputting my wifi information. After that it just works.Aesthetics 4/5Not too much to say here. the stick will never be seen aside from the power cable you should use. I'm not sure if it can be used without it. But having a cable coming from behind your TV is standard. Can't dock anything for that. The Stick itself feels solid and high quality. The remote control feels pretty good for such a minimal setup. It has a ring control reminiscent of an iPod, as well as 6 other buttons for home, back, menu, and media controls.Subtle black styling and feels good to hold and easy to use. Nothing here really adds much or takes away from the experience. But nothing to "wow" you either. Standard and functional.Software Ease of Use / MenusThe menus are easy enough to use but not really amazing. This is my first media device of its kind. Generally I just use my PC connected via hdmi. I'm accustomed to mouse/keyboard controls so this is a big of a departure for me. Navigation is fairly simple but still doesn't feel too amazing. I had a few weird bugs with trying to install some apps (Plex and Twitch) where they'd start downloading and stop and start and stop, etc... I couldn't really tell what was going on though. A little more feedback aside from a small progress bar that wasn't apparent at first would have been nice.Getting around channels and apps is not bad but the design isn't breaking any ground here. You scroll up/down and left/right. I feel things could be organized better and more intuitively.Performance ~3/5This is where it loses most of its missing 2 stars. The two biggest reasons I got this (aside from the $20 pre-order sale) was to use my Prime video more and to stream from my Plex media server. Prime video works great actually. I've never had any issues streaming from Prime. Plex has been almost unusable and I can't tell if it's the server itself or something with the Fire Stick. Video randomly just stops playing. Repeatedly. Consistently.  This could be a Plex thing but I haven't experienced this on my phone, tablets, or their web player.The other thing I tried was watching Twitch streams. What a horrible disaster. Basically unusable. Way too often I would try to open a stream, watch a 30 second ad, and then get a message saying the stream couldn't open or didn't exist - the stream I could open on my PC no problem. Other problems include trying to open a game channel (ie: League of Legends, Starcraft, etc..) and being told there were no streams for those games. Obviously this is wrong. So far my Twitch experience has been completely unusable.Maybe the worst aspect of my performance problems are that things either work or crash. When they work it's great. Video streams over my 802.11n network without a stutter. Videos start up fast (if they do at all). But then things just stop. Or they don't start at all. I'd take some stuttering over complete failure.Menu performance is actually fairly solid. No delays or anything when navigating around. A few bugs but in downloading apps.Options 2/5There's no option to stream from networked libraries (NAS storage, just a hard drive on your Pc, etc..) so you have to use something like Plex (which barely works for me on the Fire Stick). Your options are fairly limited. This may be the case for most media players of this type but I have no basis for comparison. I have to find a Plex alternative to see if other media servers work better.So if you're mostly interested in Prime video, this thing works great. Other functionality is fairly sketchy for me right now. For $20 I'm not upset at all. But what I was hoping in the back of my mind would be a $20 miracle of media streaming is not going to be a reality.SpotifyThis one's really annoying. I was excited when I saw Spotify was an option. But it's just "Spotify connect". So you can play spotify off a tablet/phone to your Fire Tv. You can't just open a spotify app in the Fire TV menu. Spotify Connect is pretty nice. But if you're coming from having a PC hooked up to your TV it's no change at best.
This is the first device of this type that I own, but I've wanted one, so I'd been researching them for for quite a while. Set up was quick and easy and it seems to work well for me.The only problem that I have is that after a while, things just won't play. At first, I thought my internet had slowed down, but when I checked the stick, it was very warm. This happens even when it's in sleep and not being used -- simply from being plugged into the power source. If I unplug it from the power source, it'll cool off and then work great again.  Some people have complained about streaming freezing up even though it worked fine previously, so perhaps unplugging it could solve this problem for some others. I plugged it into my TV's USB port, but that didn't solve the overheating problem.Overall, I really like this type of device and would have considered purchasing Fire TV for another room. However, now I'm hesitant because I don't know if it has the same problem, so I'm going to look into getting a Roku; lower specs but I haven't heard any complaints about performance because of it.If it weren't for the overheating problem freezing it up, I'd rate it 5 stars. It's not worth the $39.00 price tag until they address the issues.1/7/2015 editShortly after writing this review, my fire stick updated, which seems to have fixed the overheating issue. It's been a couple of weeks now, and still no more problems with that. Programs will still freeze up sometimes, but not as often, so it's not entirely related to overheating. It does seem to eat up more bandwidth than streaming from a computer. I've upgraded to 4 stars based on them fixing the issue so quickly and the device functioning so much better now that it isn't overheating.
This shoul;dn't be a 5-star rating, but rather a 4.7 star rating.  I love it, much more than I anticipated, but there are definitely some design problems.I've long thought that Microsoft and Apple were conceited in their design, ignoring established standards, expecting the world to go along with them.  That's why I have long tried to avoid products of those two companies, starting in the mid-1980s when Microsoft stopped licensing the Lattice C compiler, and started writing their own.  They changed how the int86() function worked, which was an extremely critical function, and immediately, all my existing programs stopped working, and I spent a month going through, rewriting them - and a month's work without pay was devastating to a self-employed programmer with a terminally-ill wife.If it were just that Amazon wanted you to buy books, music, and video from them, it'd be understandable, as they are unquestionably the world's greatest resource (sorry, Google, not yet!),  Unfortunately, the design engineers ignore the world of standards as well.  To power the Dire Stick, you plug in a micro-USB into the side.  That means that the Stick not only uses an HDMI port, but it blocks anything else from being plugged into the *next* HDMI port as well.  They've included a 5" HDMI cable in the box, but do you really want dangling dongles on the back of your TV?  The other end of that USB cable, when I plugged it into an Acer desktop computer, resulted in an error message that there wasn't enough juice, and I really needed to plug into am AC outlet using their adapter.The Amazon AC adapter is the same one that came with my Fire HD7, a cube.  It will work in the bottom of a wall socket, if you have a surfeit of those, but if tou have plugged in a router, a TV, a DVD player or computer, maybe a printer, possibly a lamp and a VoIP adapter, and a charger for your cell phone, you probably need a power strip - and it noit only uses the jack you have it plugged in, but the jack on eitrher side of it.  A more polite engineer would have that USB cable attaching to the *end*, rather than the side, of both AC adapter abd Sirre Stick, and would use an AC adapter that's roughly the width of a standard AC plug.  There's no excuse fdor such arrogance, Mr. Bezos; the world is not going to redesign every TV and every power outlet to accommodate thoughtless engineers.I've been accessing Prime Video through my 'puter, and the Fire Stick not only gives me better images, but it seems to "stutter" less than my 'puter.  (It stutters less on my Fire HD7, too, so it not my 6mbps broadband most of the time.)  I was surprised to find that the FireStick does more than stream TV.  It seems to be a Fire without battery or storage, as I can use apps I've obtained for my HD7.I've been trying to extract the cable company from my wallet, and the Fire Stick definitely helps.  I bought an indoor antenna  (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00DIFIO8E) and tried to rely on Prime Video and a few other sites, but tonight, I was watching Histort2 (which isn't available on smaller cable packages) and I discovered the CBS News app on my Fire Stick.  I initially had trouble getting sound with CBSN, nut I tried again a half-hour later, and everything was hunky-dory.  With the Christmas rush and the flood of Dire Sticks arriving (I ordered mine a month ago, before they were available), it might be that the servers were having trouble keeping up with installations.I had a little difficulty with the "Search" function. I typed in HI and selected "hitch" showed up in the suggestions, but when I clicked, I got taken to "Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"  Tried typing the entire HTCH and the same happened.  Finally typed HIYCH_ with a space on the end, and was able to select "Hitch movie", which worked.  I suspect the Amazon programmers will fix for that in an upgrade that will download itself in the next few weeks.I'd like to be able to install apps from Google Play, such as those from local TV stations; I have trouble seeing them on my HD7, and it was hard to find the instructions to install non-Amazon App Store apps on that.  Since we keep our stuff for the Fire Stick in the Cloud, we might never be allowed to install unapproved apps.  I guess I need to lobby my local stations to get their apps in the Amazon ecosystem.I'm already struggling with a remote for the TV (needed to switch the HMDI, VGA and antenna), mouse, and a couple of cell phones sitting here.  I got a phone call an hour ago, and I answered the Fire Stick and the mouse before the call went to voicemail.  Thank goodness it was a politician soliciting funds.  When they're voting to give more srtuff to the banksters, I'm not going to give money to keep them in office!  But I'm not sure how they could design a single device to control my computer, TV, Fire Stick, and lert me answer my calls.Oh, and there's a place in the settings to enter your time zone, but apparently no setting that allows you to display the time in the corner of the screen.  I'm not sure what they use the time zone for.One last piece of advice.  They offer you a free 30-day trial of Prime.  If you already have Prime, do NOT accept it, because it just confuses things. If you don't have it, of course, DO accept it.  It pays for itself in reduced shipping, and you really CAN fire your cable/satellite carrier with an antenna and Prime.  The slowest broadband package will support Prime video AND if it's not satellite broadband (which has too much latency), you can replace your phone with VoIP.  (Hint - install VoIP, then sign up for Googlr Voice - free - and forward voice calls to your VoIP number, then pay $10 to switch your Google Voice number to your cyrrent landline number, and that way, your phone number doesn't need to change.)You *gotta* get a Fire Stick.  I don't normally give 5 stars to a product with problems like I've detailed, but in this case, I'm making an exception.
Received my firetv stick today and must say it is awesome.. First, let me mention that I am the owner of apple TV, roku 3, logitec revue (Old google TV), and the regular fire TV..  The regular FIRE TV replaced my revue on my main television.. I loved it so much and enjoy it much more than my ROKU that I purchased this fire tv stick as a replacement for my roku in my bed room..First, Fire TV (Both the stick and the regular) don't have nearly the "Channels" that roku has BUT i honeslty only used 3 or 4 channels on my roku.. Netflix, Amazon Instant video, Hulu, and crackle..  Fire tv has all those channels and does them ALL including netflix, much better than the roku..  PLUS fire tv can play games..Now, let me mention that the stick doesn't play games nearly as well as the regular fire tv, but this was to be expected.. It has a lot less power than the regular fire TV but the stick plays games like sonic amazingly!!!Compared to the fire TV, I would still rather have a fire TV, regular version, for my main TV bc it is much more powerful when it comes to games and even other things, but for a bedroom or for a TV that you don't expect to play games on, the TV Stick is amazing!!It integrates very very well with Amazon instant video and does apps like netflix very well. Still ASAP is amazing on Amazon videos and I wish netflix would be allowed to use ASAP sometime in the future!! Also, just like my regular fire TV, the streaming quality is much much greater than ROKU.. Why?? I really have no idea but the roku never really gets to "HD" quality with my internet connection and the fire tv, both my new stick and my regular fire TV always get to "HD" quality.. With ASAP on amazon instant video it STARTS in "HD" and stays there...  Netflix also has improved streaming quality and again I have no idea why unless the wifi is just better in these than rokus.. Same internet connection!Keep in mind these devices do need power BUT my TV has a USB port that I never use so I just power mine from the TV's USB port.. Works fine!!
I am doing a lot of research for cutting the cord. I own 2 Apple TV's, a Roku 2, a Samsung Smart TV, and a Western Digital WD TV. I just bought a Google Chromecast this week and received my new Amazon Fire Stick today (I ordered it on a whim back in October for $19.95 on a Prime Special Offer). I must say that the Fire Stick was the best installation yet. It started with a video and then went to the setup. Boy, was it easy. The Apple TV was also very easy (I'm a Mac person from way back, so I appreciate most things Apple). If Apple and Amazon merged, they would own the world. They both seem to be stressing ease of use. I was unable to get the Google Chromecast Roku App to work with my Apple Routers, but it finally connected with my Comcast wireless router. When I tried to do HuluPlus playback, it was terrible. Not watchable in any way because of the constant pause for downloading. I have Comcast with 50Mb+ download speeds, so that was not the problem. I use my Apple TV and my Samsung Smart TV to stream video with no glitches. I feel the problem was probably with the Roku 2, which is several years old. I gave up and never tried to get it to work using my iPhone as a remote. I may try again later before I return it. The Fire Stick has it's own remote and works flawlessly. I give it 5 stars and would recommend it to anyone (if you have Apple TV, you can't stream Amazon or vice versa, so you should get both).I have added HuluPlus, Netflix, Vevo and several other apps and they work fine. I may update this after a few weeks of use.
I have two major streaming devices and all the current gen, last gen, last last gen and a few other game systems.  I saw that I could get the Fire stick for $19.99.  I got it for the games.  It arrived today.  I was surprised I had to plus it into the wall.  Not sure why, but I thought it was powered by the USB.I had already gotten a bunch of free games to play.  I turn it on and almost none of the games work.  I thought that all the fire TV games would work on the thing.  I was wrong.  So, that kind of bothered me.  I am sure it says on their site.  But I have 8% of my vision, so I often miss things.  On top of the let down of the limited games that would work, for the few that did, only one of them worked.  It kept telling me I did not have the right controller.  So, they sell you a device that requires you to purchase another device to use it at it's full potential.  That was the second let down.I started the game.  I was shocked.  The thing is so slow.  Of all the devices I have, it is by far the slowest.  On top of that, when it was not slowing way down, the thing would just freeze.  I would just be starting at a frozen screen.  That was it.  I had thought of getting the Fire TV with the controller to play games, but realized that would be rather pointless.  If I have the Fire TV, there is no need for the stick.  Thus, I am returning my Fire TV Stick, whenever UPS picks it up.  This thing was a huge letdown.  If you want this for games, I would highly suggest you get the full Fire TV.I forgot to mention what I did like.  I really liked the setup of the thing.  Everything was easy to see and navigate.  If you are a Prime member, you should check out the Fire TV.  I just can't recommend the stick.
I bought this at Best Buy since it's backordered on Amazon to go with a new TV in my bedroom that is not connected to a receiver. The timing was good since I found myself in a cast spending a lot of time in bed watching movies. This is my first app-based TV device so I can't compare it to others. I chose the Fire TV stick over Chromecast as I found out Chromecast doesn't deliver 1080i and Fire TV does.As always, the packaging is simple, elegant and has that cool factor. It comes with both an AC charger and USB extension cable to power with a USB port in your TV. If you use the USB connection the stick powers off when the TV is turned off. With the AC power connection the stick is always on.Setup took about 20 minutes to connect to wifi, activate and download the software update.The interface is easy to navigate to find pre-installed apps, Prime content and search for apps. I prefer browsing for apps online and having them sent to the Fire TV stick rather than searching with the remote. Searching for the apps online before you buy the stick will also give you an idea of what's available. Mainly I use Netflix, Hulu and iHeartRadio so I can listen to a Classical music station at night. There is a sleep function that turns off the display after so long but the station continues to stream.The buffering thing does happen occasionally, which I'm fairly certain is an ISP thing rather than a device flaw.Since this is still a new device I assume there will be software developments and new apps to come that will offer more content and options in the near future. For now, it has everything I need.All in all if you're a big user Amazon products and content, this is a very affordable and friendly device to bring it all together.  Also, if you should find yourself in a cast with only one usable arm like I did - the Fire TV stick is easy to set up with just one hand. It's about the only thing that is easy these days! I've also moved this between TVs in other rooms without any problems.
At first... you notice 1st rate packaging and then super simple simple setup. that's where it goodness ends. if you had intentions of spending the evening watching tv and movies, never mind. you'll spend it clicking up and down and all around. then buffering every 2 minutes. ( no its not a connection or range thing. 3 feet away from the router and no errors) as if the amazon prime app wasn't bad enough with the 1st season being apart of Prime then the next at $15, its the 3 suggestions per page and as long as you want to watch what they want you to watch, that's great. Other wise go to Netflix. uh oh.... somehow they even managed to screw Netflix up too. 2/3 of the screen with a big pretty picture of the highlighted show or movie and then a couple itty bitty little icons of the other shows/movies. click...click...clickclickclick this is fun. BANG!I have an idea, lets cram a zillion 1/2 rate apps and games that barely work onto one pretty little stick. awwww... too late, amazon beat me to it.the reason Netflix USUALLY works is because if its on there, you can watch it. no need to enter parental control passwords for each show... because of coarse some are part of Prime and others arent, no 15 menus to click through. click the picture, pick the episode if there is one and tadaaaa. entertainment. if ever there was 10 pounds of crap in a 2oz. stick, this is it.a note to the team that came up with Prime tv/movies. your apps suck. they are click intensive, counterintuitive  and annoying. maybe you should navigate the net version of Netflix, to see how it should be done. sometimes doing it a "better way" has already been done. on occasion its better to follow, that be the focus of an epic fail.i wont even bother sending this back. this stick has a 16oz claw hammer in its future. the $20 i spent is a bonus to all those who had a hand in producing this worthless piece of inevitable landfill, as a way to help them sleep at night. because they obviously wont based on the quality of their work.
I've only watched one video so far, and I'm getting what I was expecting, very little more.  I wasn't really wow'd but it works as expected.  I will update as I get to play with it more.  But here's what I know so far.It is pretty fast, but there is a bit of lag between button presses on the remote and the corresponding action on the device. I found myself hitting a button more than once only to find out it did get it the first time, just took a second to respond.  This is unacceptable in today's devices.Update, downgrade to two stars (4/30/2015).  Now that I've had this a while and had plenty of time to use it.  I figured it was time to update the listing.My biggest complaing!  Netflix and Hulu videos glitch!  I can very seldom make it through an entire episode without at least one glitch, usually several.  The sound keeps playing while the video stops for several seconds. Then the video starts and plays real fast to catch up to the audio.  It's extremely annoying when I'm really enjoying a show.  Amazon prime video works fine, but both netflix and hulu both have this problem.Pros:--- Works great with amazon video so if this is all you need, you will like it.--- Seamless integration with the fire remote app on fire phone/tablets.  You can see the xray information while watching a video, instantly jump a video from playing on fire stick to phone and back to tv if you need to talk out of the room and keep watching.  This part is absolutely seamless (with prime video only of course).  This is why I gave it two stars instead of 1.--- Allows Kodi/XBMC install.  I believe this is the ONLY device you can currently do this with except maybe one of the crappy google tvs?  Not sure, but kodi works great on it, even though there is no shortcut to it on the home screen. It was a pain to install, but there are some pretty easy to follow instructions online from smarter people than me.--- It integrates hulu with video listings when searching with a link that will take you to the video in hulu. Pretty cool.Cons:--- Layout is really pretty bad. I much prefer my roku for ease of use.--- Glitching issue as discussed above.--- Need for separate power cord. I was hoping to be able to just plug it into the back of the TV without another cord handing off of it. Since it has a cord, I wonder if it would just be easier to get an hdmi extension cable and run that to the TV.  Kind of defeats the purpose of the stick with a cord hanging from it.In summary, if you have a fire tablet or phone you plan to use with this and primarily watch prime video, or kodi you will love this stick as it really is seamless with their other products.  If you primarily use netflix or hulu, I would suggest a roku as it works much better and is much more friendly and enjoyable to use.With glitches fixed, I would rate 3 stars.  With also a major interface redesign, I would rate 4.  It just isn't quite ready yet.Original Review: Most things are pretty fluid and smooth though and the videos stream fine.  I didn't have a single interruption for the entire show which unfortunately my roku is incapable of doing many times.  I have an older one though.  I have this connected via wi-fi and the roku just doesn't like wi-fi as well.  This seems to eat up wi-fi flawlessly so far so definite plus.Another disappointment is I thought that this didn't need a power cord since it plugged straight into the HDMI port on the tv.  I was hoping I could avoid this.  I got this for $20 on a deal though so I still can't complain.  Definitely worth $20 or even $40 for what it does.  I will update more later.
Note: This was purchased by my husband. I’m an Amazon Prime Member– call me a homer! But it is so cool to come home to a door piled high with Amazon packages! I was able to get the $19 Amazon deal for the Fire Stick. My household has had two Chromecast sticks for about a year. I had some reservations about the Fire Stick, but after  weeks, My family is very happy. There are too many details to go in depth, but here is my family’s feedback. First – we are a “stick” family – we already have a stack of boxes – TiVo, DVD, Modem, router, ….; so we are out of power outlets. The Chromecast was a cool addition. However, even though the Chromecast is not a high friction type of device, even with the latest firmware, the Chromecast still has its quirks.Also, the second screen interface – using your PC,MAC or phone is non-intuitive. So I was hoping the Fire Stick would raise the bar – just a little bit; well, we are ordering our second stick. Amazon got the user interface, as Red Riding Hood would say, ..”just right!”. My husband was going to show me how the Fire Stick worked; I didn’t have time so later that day I picked up the remote – accessed all my Amazon Prime content; all my Amazon Prime Preferences; was able to Access my Netflix account with no problems, but all that said – the interface is so intuitive I gave the remote to my 9 year old daughter and she was on her way.I do like the parental controls. Of course  my husband was disappointed when I didn’t need his considerable IT experience to use the Fire Stick. He did say that the installation was no muss, no fuss. I didn’t hear any cuss words or epithets when he was installing the Fire Stick. I did have to change the stick from his account to my account – I think he was surprised I was able to do this without his help. Are we going to “eBay” the Chromecasts? No. We use StreamCast  to view our local content, and although it is a second screen type of application, it is easy to use, when the Chromecast wants to “play good”. As we are out of HDMI ports on or TV’s I would hope Amazon will add a similar feature, but for now they want you to use their cloud storage. And finally – even with the Chromecast we could not see the light at the end of the “cord cutting” tunnel. Fire is not there yet, but we can definitely see a twinkle. The Fire Stick is a no brainer at $19; If you have Amazon Prime, it is a good investment; Non prime, compare features for the other sticks (and Apple puck) to see what works for you, but if you want an easy to navigate viewing experience – Fire Stick has my “Prime” vote.
This streaming stick works great. I'll be honest, I am on my second stick, I had to return the first one because I think I got a malfunctioning unit. But this is a testament to Amazon's excellent customer service. They sent me a pre-authorized return label after going through some steps with their tech support team and sent out a replacement. The replacement worked great with no issues whatsoever and I'm happy with it. I now have every streaming device there is and while they all have their good qualities, if you have Prime you really can't go wrong with the Amazon Fire Streaming Stick. I'll tell you why.The cost is the first thing. I got this on a promo for 19 bucks. Can't beat that price at all. Even the regular price is only 39 bucks which is still a deal. But 19 bucks for Prime members, if you got in on that deal is pretty much as cheap as anyone can get a streaming stick for anywhere. Unheard of for a brand new stick.Now one might argue that the Fire TV has some options that the stick doesn't and it does, but it's also a hundred dollar box. Even at full price you're shaving off 60 bucks here by buying the stick and getting pretty much the same functionality stream-wise. When the app is available on all formats you will, if you have a smartphone, be able to utilize the voice search feature which is one of the selling points.Netflix and Hulu Plus both worked great for me on the stick and I absolutely loved having a remote that worked similarly to my Apple TV. I think it was a genius move designing a remote that is similar to Apples. It makes things intuitive for those who already have an Apple TV and need to figure out a new remote.A lot has been said by other reviewers about the way the power cable has been placed on the stick on the side of it, which may get in the way, depending upon where it is placed on your tv. Also, the USB end needs to be plugged into a wall socket rather than a USB plug, which further complicates matters. However, one should always follow the directions provided by the manufacturer. They have their reasons for wanting this stick to be powered by a 110 outlet and plugged into the side of the stick. For me, I used an HDMI plug on the side of my tv where it wasn't a hindrance to have the power cable off to the side.USAGE:Once I actually got a working unit in hand I found that it is indeed a wonderful device. Amazon has done a great job of doing a few things well. They do great customer service, have a great reputation and offer great products. When you purchase an Amazon product, be it a Paperwhite, a Prime membership or this streaming stick, you expect that you won't have any issues with it and that it will be up there with the best in class competing for top place at what it does. This device does not disappoint. It just works as you would expect, no hiccups, no burps, no bull. If you run into an issue like I did, you call, you send it back, you get a fresh unit. And that reinforces my faith in Amazon as a company and a service. I trust them with my credit card info, my money, my business because I know they stand behind their products and those of their sellers.Once your user name and password are in for your other services, such as Netflix and Hulu, you can use them as usual. Netflix worked out of the box, and Hulu required me to authenticate it with a code using my mobile or laptop. This stick really excels with the free content offered through Prime. You can browse seven ways to sunday for whatever you like and it's all free.Perhaps the most understated is that there is a ton of free HBO content on Amazon Prime. You aren't getting the current stuff but it's the closest thing to having an HBO GO subscription for cable cutters than actually having one. You get a lot of older content, including Sopranos, The Wire, Oz, all the great stuff that most people want HBO for. Frankly The Sopranos is reason enough to pay for a Prime membership.But the fun doesn't end there. You have a lot of other networks that have their fingers dipped into the Prime offerings as well. HBO is the most famous perhaps but there's a bunch of others on there for you to discover. You can search by genre, network, many different ways. I like to spend a little time once in awhile digging through and adding stuff to my watch list and then later on when I'm in a tv watching marathon I just keep watching away without having to stop and look for stuff.GAMES:You can purchase and download free games as well on here. Some can be played with the remote and others require you purchase the game controller separately which you can use with the stick and also with the Fire TV. Thus you get a little more functionality out of this than you do out of some streaming devices because you can play a lot of games and with the gaming controller you actually get a full on gaming platform experience.GUTS:They pack this thing w/ more memory and guts than you get in other sticks so that your Fire TV Stick can handle playing the previously mentioned games, run video smoother, store more stuff and give you an all around better experience than other streaming devices. It may seem like a hassle to have to plug it into an outlet and all that but once you start to look upon this as more than a glorified chromecast and akin to a streamlined wii you will feel like you're more justified in plugging it in. Instead of thinking "why do I have to plug this in to watch a movie when I don't have to on a chromecast" you should be thinking "why doesn't chromecast let me play games and do all the cool stuff I can do on the Fire TV stick?"SUMMARY:You are getting a lot more for a little bit of money with this device than with competing products. Amazon wants you to buy into their ecosystem, yes. When you buy a Prime membership you buy more stuff from Amazon and you will probably buy more games from them. You might even buy a movie or two that isn't free from them, especially if it's cheaper than iTunes. So it makes sense for them to offer you a more powerful streaming stick for a good price. And they've done a great job of making it great so it works the way it's supposed to, no, better than it's supposed to, out of the box. If it doesn't then you need to call them and have them replace yours or let tech support fix your issue, maybe there's something you're doing wrong. They made it beefier and more powerful so that it can work better so you will choose it over the other options because they know in a business where the competition is inexpensive you probably have the others already. Like me, you might have all the different streaming sticks and a few of the boxes. If you're gonna use the Amazon stuff over the other brands more than it has to be better. I'll say this: I have a Fire TV on the way for one of my other tvs that's how much I like the stick.
So, I got in on the pre-purchase and bought one unit for $19.99.  Within a few hours of toying around with it, I wish I had just bough the limit of 2!Right now, I have 2 Chromecasts, a Roku 2, and 2 PCs hooked to 2 TVs, in addition to the FireTV Stick.  Each device seems to have one thing that the other does not.PC:  You have it all, but with the drawback of significant power (Watts) useage.The Roku 2, Chromecast and FireTV Stick all have access to the same popular streaming apps (except for YouTube on Stick?).  Here is what stands out, to me, from each unit:Roku 2:The headphone jack, in the remote.  My favorite feature of the Roku 2.The interface for apps is also seams to be easier on the  eyes (such as bigger text and movie images).Does have analog video/audio out.Chromecast:Extremely portable and can be shared among multiple people.  Runs off pretty much any USB port and USB to Micro USB cable.Cheapest streaming device out there, $35 or lower during specials.FireTV Stick (paired with Fire Phone):This seems to be the fastest loading device out of the bunch.Also very portable, like Chromecast, though you really need to have the 5W USB adapter AND the supplied USB cable to have full power.Good device for seamless Amazon content playback, whether it's music (X-Ray on big screen is nice), video or photos you have in your cloud.The voice search feature is convenient, using the Fire Phone as a remote in my case.You can also mirror some devices to the FireTVStick. I've only done it with FirePhone, though I may see if Kindle HDX can do it.You may be able to use it on a hotel TV but haven't confirmed yet.  I've heard Chromecast  is a no-go.Cheaper than FireTV with most of the same functionality.I can't say FireTV Stick is a "Standout", but it is a pretty solid product.  One possible limitation (I haven't checked) is no YouTube, but I can mirror the website from my phone, so it's not a huge issue for me.I will say this...If I could throw some headphones into my Fire Phone, I would probably buy another one @ full price right now and let my kids have the Roku 2 and donate my Chromecasts to charity.UPDATE: 12/11/14The internet connectivity keeps going out, with a "Connected with Problems" error.  Unsure if it is my Modem/Router changing device IP address or if the FireTV Stick has an issue.
Another Update about a month in with the FireTV Stick:All is well. I really dig this thing now. So much so, I've added one more star. It's still not a five star product in my view (The HDMI stick package is just going to be klugey given that it is an un-powered port, the WiFi reception and setup issue, the lack of any alternative for getting a protected WiFi connection established, and the inability to use the Guest WiFi account on a Cisco Linksys router). But once beyond the WiFi issue, it has a slick UI and a neat unexpected feature- This thing is excellent for viewing your Photos. Upload them to your Amazon Cloud account (free for Prime members), and it is simple to browse them on your TV and you can set the screen saver to use them. The sound is better than my Roku with my surround sound system (an old non-HDMI Onkyo receiver I connect to via Toslink). Spotify connect works well, as does "casting" YouTube. I've also just recommended the product to my Mother.Update to my complaint about the USB power constraints: I've come to the conclusion that its unfair to blame Amazon or this product for the need for a wall wart. HDMI doesn't supply power, so external power is a necessity. Mine does work with my TV's USB (initially displayed a warning, but no issues so far), however I'm realizing that un-switched power would have the advantage of leaving the FireTV stick on all the time. The boot up is quite a bit slower than the time it takes for my TV to come on, and I'm, an impatient person. If I pause something to go to bed and watch later, it would be better to still have it on the screen when I turn the TV back on the next day. It just so happens I don't (yet) have a power outlet behind my wall-mounted TV, but this is hardly something I could blame on this product. I suppose some folks will have HDMI ports available on their audio receivers, which would likely be closer to power than the TV might.Update:I've finally successfully connected to WiFi and the Fire TV Stick has earned a few stars back.  I used the short extension provided as recommended by a support article, which ultimately helped, though it still too several attempts. I had to simplify my complex wireless password, which I still find a bit bothersome. It apparently cannot use a LinkSys guest account at all (my e2500 requires guests to open a web browser to enter a password). I assume it will not work with any other WiFi which requires you to enter a password or acknowledge use policy in a browser window prior to getting out to the internet (consider that if buying this to take with you when you travel). I was hoping to be able to remove the guest security, but it is not possible on my router (short of third party firmware). I was tempted to dig out an old router and set it up for unprotected access just to get up and running, in the hopes I could get to where I could switch to my primary using my phone as a keyboard. I suppose you could also attempt to do the same with a cellular hot spot, but I don't have that option on my plan currently.The good:The interface is attractive and snappy. Ships programmed for your Amazon account, so you don't have to enter it, which is great as long as it isn't a gift. Some have complained of issues with surround sound and older receivers. I had full surround with my older non-hdmi Onkyo. I have optical digital running from my TV to my receiver using Amazon Prime video. I have not tested Netflix or others. This is a win over the Roku, which would require the signal routed through my receiver via HDMI. The receiver works fine otherwise, I don't see upgrading it if I don't have to. The remote is pretty slick and I like it much better than the Roku's. You can actually press a button while it is sitting on the coffee table (the rounded back on the Roku remote just about requires you to pick it up to use it).The not-so-good:Cluttered interface. Bad Wifi connectivity with plenty of signal. Touchy about USB power- wish they could have gotten it to run efficiently on the USB ports which are becoming very common on consumer electronics devices. Honestly, if it can't handle run of the mill USB power, the package makes no sense whatsoever. I don't want to have to run ugly wires to my wall hung tv (or figure out how to run an extension cord in-wall, which would be a code violation). I'd honestly rather have a little box like my roku in that case, and route the signal up one of the in-wall HDMI cables I already have (but not at the price point of the original Fire TV, when the Roku is so much more complete for less). The fast forward and rewind are a bit funky in Amazon Prime. Not totally intuitive and needs some work. I predict the slim little remote will disappear in very short order. I expect to find it under the sofa cushions frequently.Below is my original review prior to getting WiFi connected. I'll leave it as I believe it still reflects my initial deep frustration trying to get the Fire TV stick up and running.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I went home for lunch today and with much surprise and excitement discovered My Fire TV had arrived much sooner than expected. I tore into the package and eagerly popped open the cleverly assembled handsome little box. I swung my TV out from the wall, popped it into the last open HDMI port, and plugged the USB cable into the open one on the TV and fired it up. Ick. Doesn't like my USB port. Bummer, going to have to use the supplied wart, but there's no outlet nearby.  Once I had that sorted (temporarily... If I keep it, I'm going to have to install an outlet or locate the stick  elsewhere- the extension cord simply will not do...) I was presented with the challenge of connecting to Wi-Fi, and this is where my blood began to boil.My primary SSID has a fairly complex password created by the password generator in LastPass. I really don't do simple, repeated, memorable passwords. I do copy and paste, which is obviously not an option here. My guest SSID is a little simpler, but I can't use that because it requires you to log in via a web page (Cisco Linksys). The Fire TV finds it, but displays it  as "open".Entering the long password which contains upper and lower case letters, numbers and special characters using the on screen keyboard and remote is just about the worst thing ever. Having to do it several times because the Fire TV can't make a connection to my router directly below the TV, less than three feet away is just about a deal breaker. I never got past this point and ran out of time.I've read the suggestion to use the short  extension to try to resolve Wi-Fi connection issues and will try it. I had hoped maybe I could copy and paste the password using the Android or IOS app, but alas, it uses Wi-Fi. I searched the webs to see if I could pair a Bluetooth keyboard, but couldn't find a definitive answer, and even if it's possible, I wouldn't be able to that early in the setup. So it appears my only option is to dumb down my security, or disable it altogether on the guest SSID. I'll try it one more time, but if I can't get connected, I'll stick with my Roku and send this very frustrating little device back.I'd like to give it zero stars, but I suppose the packaging is kind of nice...
So many reviews, so little time. I hope you find this one helpful.I own every Roku made. Have been a loyal customer for years. Their latest and greatest is plugged into my bedroom TV. I had a spare HDMI port on that TV so in went the Fire TV Stick. @ $19, why not give it a try, right?Same TV. Same router. Same distance to the router. Same ISP. Same distance from the controllers to the device. Same electrical outlet. Identical in every way.With everything else covered in the other reviews, I offer these two observations.1. This thing is fast and seamless. Instantaneous, in fact. My Roku's aren't necessarily slow but the Fire Stick is amazingly faster. Not just the download but the entire experience of deciding what you want to watch or play.2. This thing handles YouTube. Roku was late adopting YouTube and they still don't have it right. It's painstakingly slow and invariably hangs on both the Roku box and the Roku stick.  Not on the Fire Stick. 60 minute workout and it was flawless as to both search results and playback. The interface isn't quite perfect yet but certainly workable. My grandson is so, so, happy as he likes to stay over and, on Friday nights only, stay up late cruising YouTube. Now he can do it on the big screen in his room.Bottom line: If YouTube is on your list of streaming needs, get this, even if you currently have a YouTube compatible Roku. If the 'channels' you stream are available on both the Fire Stick and the Roku and you need an additional or a replacement device, get the Fire Stick because it is faster and a bit broader as to functionality. In fact, from what I'm witnessing after a day of testing, the only reason not to choose Fire over Roku is if you're hooked on a ""Roku only" channel.I'll post back if anything changes with more use, otherwise, the above still stands.
I finally received my Fire TV Stick in the mail last night and needless to say I was pretty excited.  Amazon did a nice job with the packaging and nothing was overly packaged or protected or wrapped in excessive cellophanes or Styrofoam.  The pieces were very easy to make sense out of.  The batteries go in the remote, the USB cord plugs into the power brick and the Fire Stick and the Fire Stick plugs into your TV.  Easy peasy... wrong.My plan was to use this in our bedroom to replace an outdated and ugly UI streaming box we've had for a couple of years now.  The TV is smaller and older in the bedroom, so I used the HDMI extender to make things a little easier on my self for accessibility.  I plugged everything in and the Fire stick booted right up, connected to the remote and searched for wifi networks without a hitch.I must have tried both my 2.4 and 5G networks about a dozen times each, always failing to connect.  I rebooted and refreshed, watched the stupid how-to videos on Amazon and went through all the troubleshooting guides.  Nothing worked.  I set up with the same configuration out in the living room, so I was closer to my router with better reception.  Still nothing.  I removed the HDMI extender feeling it was unnecessary at this point and thinking it had something to do with my ridiculously complicated wifi password, I set up a simple guest 5G network with no password.  BAM, PRESTO, it works.  WTF.So now I run the updates and register and watch the stupid video you can't skip through and I get to my home screen with tons of media to watch.  I think okay, it's working, let's set it back up in the bedroom.  I put back the HDMI extender and plug everything in and now my home screen is just a spinning wheel.  It lost the wifi connection, but how.  The Fire TV Stick holds the wifi info in it's memory and automagically reconnects when that network is present.  Our phones, tablets and old crappy streaming box could connect just fine in the bedroom and now this brand new piece of equipment can't reconnect to a single-user 5G guest network I just set up... hmmm.For s***s and giggles and remove the HDMI extender and plug the TV Stick directly into my TV.  Guess what?  It works now.It seems that somehow, using the HDMI extender inhibited the wifi reception so bad that no matter how close I was to my router (within 10ft) it wouldn't let the Fire TV Stick connect to the wifi network.A 5 minute setup ended up taking about 4 hours of random troubleshooting.  There's not much content in the way of help forums for this product yet, so I hope this review might help others in the future.  I'm still giving 3 stars because once it works, it works pretty well.  Small compact size and user friendly interface.That's my story and I'm "Stick"-ing to it.  Good luck and happy streaming!
Please note that I ordered 2 of these at the $19 discounted price. So obviously I can not have complaints, but for even $39, it would be worthwhile.People have to realize that this is a computer - it is obviously not a necessity but is a lot cheaper and better then most other solutions.As of the current updated firmware (12/11/2014), you are able to turn on ADB and install "unknown" source installs. I used this to install Kodi and FiredTV launcher. Kodi works just like other computer installs, so you can install your favorite addons and watch sports/TV from around the world (for free). FiredTV launcher is nicer then the normal home screen and makes everything less buggy.As it stands, if you install 3rd party apps, it does not show up under recent history and you have to go into "all installed apps" under settings; hence why I installed the other "launcher." I would like to see amazon let people either a) design/sell themes for FireTV or b) let the users customize the home screen in some ways (being able to remove categories). As I do not use 95% of what Amazon wants you to use it for (their TV shows/apps/etc) but I would like to customize it for what I use.. but I can't.I wish this did not need to be plugged into the wall, but that is obviously not Amazon's fault .. as a computer kinda needs power to run. The remote is great to have. I know other people said it "feels" flimsy but I think it looks/feels what you would expect from the photo. It at least feels like it will last a few years until it would have issues.. but by then I am sure this will seem like junk by then anyway. Plus you can use other devices like your phone, so even if it breaks, you are not screwed.This DID work with a monitor that I have this is NOT MHL compatible. Great if you have monitors just lying around like me ;) (but monitors are cheap which could give you the ability to have several "cheap" TV's that could work at once).If you are trying to decide whether you should get something like this vs a full on HTPC, I would suggest to try this first and see. As this only uses 5w max and if you use a normal computer, that can run 200W+. If that computer is on 24/7 for a year - you could save $137 in electric alone (@ $0.08 p/kWh). If you need more storage (say for your ripped DVD collection), you are better off using a separate computer as a server so you can run Raid5/6 (or better yet ZFS Raidz1/2). Then you can deploy several of these Amazon Sticks around the house and have them connect to the "server." Then you could get redundancy off this option more easily/cheaply - as I doubt many do this on their HTPC's. Plus you do not have a huge clunky/noisy computer right next to your TV as well.All-in-all you are buying a <$40 computer which includes the OS, remote, Wifi, a charger, micro-USB cord, and batteries! Things like this were selling for $200 just a few years ago for less specs. Obviously this will happen anyway due to Moore's Law, but this is truly not a bad item to even just "play" with.
2015-05-16 update:Miracast no longer works with my laptop. I don' t know if a new update was pushed to the stick or what but it tries to connect, goes into la la land and stops.I have the same problem with my Fire TV too.Bummer - taking a star back.2015-04-22 editing reviewupgrading to 5 stars - Miracast seems to work perfectly now with recent upgrades pushed down from Amazon. Miracast is cool in that it doesn't require you to establish a local network - it somehow directly establishes a peer to peer wifi connection between my PC and the fire TV stick. Cool.I now also use AirBuddy app on this stick to act as an Apple iPad Airplay display. That works nice too but note that Apple Airplay requires both the Airplay receiver (the fire TV stick in this case) and the Airplay transmitter (my iPad, for example) to be on the same local network so if you use this for iPad display on business travel you must establish a network that does not block comms between ipad and fire stick. The same problem exists with Apple TV - it's an airplay issue. At least with the fire TV stick and remote you now have the ability to easily join a network.The travel features added (ability to log on hotel/public wifi) and ability to bring this for presentations make this a really nice, cheap, handy device for work or play.I'm really glad I got this and what a great deal.2015-01-30 editing review  >>>upgrading to 4 stars because I'm finding it more and more useful and because iPhone app provides voice search - for free!It should probably be 5 stars but I bought it for Miracast and that does not work.<<<Great for streaming of Amazon content - including Prime Music!I really bought this to use as wireless HDMI projection for presentations from a Windows 8 PC and it's claimed Miracast support fails miserably for that purpose.I'm keeping it because it's cheap and I'll try to find another use for it or give it to a family member or something because it's amazon content support is nice but I have a full Fire TV (which started supporting prime music a week ago too and therefore does everything this does just a little better [voice search, faster games, slightly faster menus, etc.]) so I don't really need the stick.
Cumbersome interface, lack of options, massively outdated apps.  I bought this primarily to watch Youtube videos so I set it up and installed the Youtube app.  The interface is terrible and it shows me exactly -3- videos to watch from my subscribed channels (I'm subbed to dozens and dozens of channels) and those videos are all a year old.  I dug around and determined this Youtube is ver. 1.0.7 on the Fire Stick.  By comparison, the version on my Galaxy S4 is 5.17.6.  Yes, the version can vary from device to device but there is no reason on any level for the version Amazon offers to be so old.  This is a clear dodge on their part to push their ecosystem and content.  "Hey!  We offer Youtube!" (we don't tell you its so old that it is beyond gimped.)Also, I own Plex through the Andoid store.  Can I get it on the Fire Stick?  Well... Yes, by turning on developer mode and side loading it.  Ok, I understand the difficulties in Amazon trying to work with Google's app store to smooth such issues out but why not let me access the app off the main menu.  To reach it you have to go through the settings menu and drill down several steps to get it via application manager.  It works but its far from an ideal situation, and Amazon can certainly do much better.The device is a little slow to boot up in my opinion, but I don't have much to compare it too so a minor point.  Also, the remote can be a little wonky in registering button presses.Bottom line:  If you are already tied into the Amazon app store and music/video content then the Fire Stick is probably going to appeal to you.  If you already have a foothold with Google's app store and ecosystem then I would advise looking at either a Chromecast or getting a dedicated set top box - the Roku 3 seems to be the clear choice atm.  Maybe if Amazon updates the firmware it might improve but as it sits I'm glad I only paid $19 for it.
I get why Amazon created the Fire TV and Fire TV Stick.  It's a device that helps facilitate offerings on Amazon.  It works well and if you have Amazon Prime, this is probably the best way you can view Prime Movies and TV Shows.  The game capabilities seems a little silly to me, but I guess it works for some.  That being said, I primarily bought it because I wanted to take advantage of Amazon Prime Movies and TV shows.  Outside of this, it's use is relatively narrow for me.Essentially, if you consider that many products help push your multimedia to your TV, whether from the cloud or from a network drive, or even mirroring or sending content from a smartphone or tablet, they pretty much do the same thing.  The problem is, they don't support each others back-end stores.  Because of this, you have to have both to have the best experience with each service.I mentioned "narrow", because I already have an AppleTV, which Amazon doesn't support (and vice versa).  The AppleTV simply does everything better.  From interface to features, the AppleTV is just a better experience.  Things are simply "built-in" with little or no configurations required.  Because Apple's ecosystem and interface is much better, I would primarily use the AppleTV over the Fire TV Stick for everything outside of the watching Prime content.  (It's important you consider this when reading my review.  I already have a similar product that I'm essentially comparing this to.)If you don't already have a product like the AppleTV, Chromecast, Roku, or any other similar device, this may have some real value to you.  That being said, the interface is a bit limited for those that are not technically savvy.  (Ex:  My wife and kid figured out the AppleTV with almost no instructions.)  If you want to get the best value, you really need to know how to install apps and network this device.  There was a lot of configuring and installing to really take advantage of all it's capabilities.Ultimately, I give this a 2-Star rating simply because it can't compare with the AppleTV.  However, it does get me my media from Prime wonderfully, but still is limited or cumbersome to use for everything else.  Also included with my 2-Stars is the value.  I bought two for $19.95 each, one from Amazon and one at Staples (look around, you'll find them).  Lastly, I added an additional star, because Amazon has made it very easy to open this device up and install your own apps, like XMBC (unlike the closed ecosystem for an AppleTV).  The specs are also doubled compared to the Chromecast.If you're into rooting and installing apps to get to your multimedia, this may have a higher value to you.  Because this was relatively inexpensive (compared to $99 for an AppleTV), it was worth it to me to purchase it, knowing it will be used primarily just to watch Amazon content.  If you're tech savvy, I would recommend this product, because you can do a lot with this if you know how.  If you want ease of use, I would suggest something else.  If you're an Apple user, iTunes, Mac, iPhone, iPad, I would suggest you get an AppleTV as your primary device and only get the Fire TV Stick for Amazon content.Pros:InexpensiveBest way to get Amazon contentSmall footprintPlenty of room to add additional appsCan easily install non-standard appsLots of room to customize this device if you have the knowledgeCons:Interface is primitive compared to other productsRequires tech knowledge to get the best out of this productWi-Fi Only (May have issues if your TV has a weak signal)
The Fire TV Stick is a great Non-Smart TV upgrade or an excellent device to provide you access to Amazon Prime media and much of your favorite media apps (Netflix, hulu plus, etc.)Other such devices as the Roku TV stick and to some degree the chromecast really are slower. I have a chromecast and ive used a Roku TV stick and while they are both great, and the Roku TV stick actually has better support for apps and channels (namely Vudu), the Fire TV Stick is easily the fastest.The biggest issues i had with the chromecast were buffering issues and connection issues. With a 802.11 N dual band wifi module built in, buffering and connections arent an issue. Additionally, changing menu's and scrolling through apps is smooth and seamless.Set up was a snap. If you have Prime, the stick will be set up with your account information out of the box unless you checked the box not to when you purchased the device. After a somewhat unnecessary but none the less helpful video after turning on the device and logging in you have full access to the menu.There are a few downsides to the Fire TV stick. One of which is that since it is an Amazon released product they want you to work within the Amazon eco system. As such, the wonderful voice search only works with Amazon media services. If you want to search something else, for example netflix, you would need to type it in manually...a bit annoying considering there is no keyboard. You can just use a tablet or phone with the Fire TV app, but that still takes away from the ease of use to a small degree. Games support isnt as strong as with the Fire TV, mostly because this is a lower power, lower performance device (fewer CPU cores, fewer GPU cores, Less memory). Not entirely a downside unless you really look forward to playing the games. Personally, i prefer to use a real console or PC as the games are not AAA titles but thats really an opinion. Finally, the lack of support for some Apps (Vudu, real youtube app, etc) are not only a bit frustrating but take away from what the device should be able to provide. There is of course the potential that they could be added in the future but remember, Google and Amazon arent friends...so a good youtube app may never happen. Vudu support is on Vudu, etc.Over all, i would give the Fire TV stick 4 stars. Its a great device, certainly an upgrade from the Chromecast and if you can get it for under $30 its absolutely worth it as a streaming device alone. If youre looking at devices i would automatically discount the chromecast (yes the fire TV can "tab cast" just like the chrome cast) simply because of connection issues and lackluster support on that device. The Roku stick would be the closest competitor but if load times and speed are really your thing (as well as decent game support) the fire TV Stick is your best choice.
Pros: Cheap price! User friendly! Tons of content!Cons: The introduction video is long and annoying. There is no way to by pass it. One of the Apps I really was excited about was Twitch. However, I found out I can't search for specific channels. I am stuck with the channels they display.So I got this neat little black box on my door step today. I opened it up to find the TV stick. Excited!! I quickly opened the package and removed everything.Inside I found the remote control, the stick, two AAA amazon basic batteries, a usb plug and wall adapter (which I didn't use).I plugged my power supply directly into a open usb port on my TV. When the TV is off the stick is off.After powering it on and selecting my wireless router, I found my account was already attached which to me was fine. I know some people have issues with their account being already active on amazon devices. Some people reported devices being stolen in the mail.Alright so the system is up and running.. but oh wait.. issue number 1. You have to watch a boring video that tells you the capabilities of the streaming stick. Funny.. I knew all this. That is why I bought it. There is no way to opt out of this long and stupid video.Finally at the home screen. Everything is laid out pretty friendly for what you would expect. Easy to navigate and find the content you want. I personally only use it for Amazon, Twitch, and games. I haven't really gotten into the games yet, but was struck a blow finding out twitch has limited use.I am sure there will be plenty of updates from other users on the other content.All in all the set up was easy and the device is nice. For being assembled in china, it is a sturdy little item. I hope it has no failures and lasts a while. For the price I would rather have this than a roku stick. I wouldn't even compare this to the chromecast. This is far better.
Updated July 6 2015:Despite my initial negative review, I now almost exclusively use FireTV Stick (FTS). Mainly because it supports 5.x GHz wireless channels. Chromecast doesn't. Important note is to force your FTS to connect to 5GHz channel, or it will default to 2.4GHz and suffer the same way Chromecast does. The other point is Miracast! It now works pretty nicely (not flawlessly though).I can even cast my entire desktop/extend desktop of *Windows 8.1* from my Surface Pro to it using the "Devices > Project > Add Wireless Display" path on Windows. Unfortunately you'd still have to manually each time set your FTS to "mirroring" mode, but Amazon has added(?) a shortcut in the clock screen in addition to existing Settings>Display>Enable Mirroring route.It also appears they have updated the apps I noted in my review so the experience is smoother now. YouTube works almost the same way it does on Chromecast for casting. It still sometimes gets stuck and I have to disconnect/connect my YT app, but it's a bug they have to fix. Given the above changes, I upgrade it from 2 stars to 4 stars.First version follows:==================[7/6/15: Title was "Can't compete with Chormecast yet"]I have had Fire TV Stick (FTS) for a few weeks now, and was excited to get it. Here are reasons why I don't like it:1. Main exciting feature was native Miracast capability. The "no extra app needed, works on all Miracast devices" promise was very charming. Unfortunately it doesn't work well. You have to go to Settings > Display > Enable Mirroring on your FTS and stay there to even see it on your phone. And every time I tried using it, it did a combination of these: had an uncomfortable lag, crashed the phone/tablet (Nexus 5 and HP 7 Plus KK),  could not connect, disconnected quickly. [7/6/15: now fixed, partially because of my terrible 2.4GHz noise. Enabling Miracast still annoying.]2. The YouTube app is hard to setup. You have to pair with a string of numbers (my Vizio TV gives a QR code at least). And then it sometimes cannot connect to phone/tablet YT app, it just stays in "connecting" state on the phone (tried with Android KK,L, iphone). Clearly the error is in YT on FTS or the FTS itself. [7/6/15: Almost fixed. Still have to connect/disconnect YT app to bring up YT on FTS]There are some reasons I do like it though:1. There is an independent UI on FTS.2. There is a remote! 1+2= you don't need to take out your phone every time, and guest can use it. Which is nice.3. There are many many apps on it. And I hope there will be even more.I got the promotional price of $19 so I will keep it, in case they finally make the Miracast to work. But for my real use, I just ordered a Chormecast :)
I've neve used the Fire TV (original version) before, but have been a long-time Prime member.  I've used Prime Instant Video on my phones, tablets, computers, game consoles, etc. for quite a while.  I never could really see myself spending $100 for the Fire TV, so when this device was announced (I perordered for $20) I couldn't pass up the chance.Setting up the device was super easy and painless, especially since Amazon ships it read to use on my account.  This means all I had to do was provice my internet password ater plugging it in, and I was ready to go!  This is a great feature, and is one I wish I had when I bought my first Kindle devices (which were purchased from Walmart).  The remote is also WiFi, which means no IR interference and I can use the remote from my pocket in the kitchen while I'm finishing my dinner and selecting my show or movie to watch.  Even the phone app remote is amazing, with the voice search built in.  I'm not sure why anyone would buy the voice remote if you have access to this app - on a side note, it's great fun to turn on and mess with the wife when she's watching something sappy I don't want to see!As for the Fire Stick, it's fast and easy.  There's no learning curve at all, if you can navigate up and down, left and right then you can use this product.  Using Netflix or Spotify is also easy and works really well with the remote provided.  I've been using it for only 20 days, but I haven't looked back once.If you're the kind of person who's ready to cut the cable cord or drop the dish, then this is going to be your product. I imagine once HBO releases their GO App to the public we'll see an update that allows its use on the Fire TV devices, which coupled with Netflix and Hulu alread supported, why would anyone need anything else?!I try really hard to come up with cons when talking about products to people. but given the information at hand I can't come up with any.  I suppose the lack of HBO GO could be one, but honestly without a television subscription I can't use it, anyway, so it'd be pointless.  If you're a Prime Member who wants Fire TV but doesn't want to spend $100, this is your device!  If you already have Fire TV in your living room and want another device for a bedroom or den TV, this is all about you.  If you need something easy to use, that requires little or no setup, and you're tired of the cost for TV subscriptions, then look no further.
I've only had this thing for a day, but so far, I LOVE IT!!!Out of the box it came with:Fire TV StickRemote w/batteriesCharging cableCharging adapter boxHDMI Extender cord (for if you have a tight squeeze on the back of your set, VERY NICE, Amazon, thank you, it was needed)Easy set up guideAnd just because I've had tons of friends and family ask, no you do not need a "Smart TV" to use it. You just need to have an HDMI port in the back somewhere, which most of your newer flat screens do have. Just double check before purchasing. You also have the HDMI extender for those really tight spots like I had. Makes it much easier to connect when you have tons of things (like USB flash drives, and surround sound wiring) plugged in the back.It was the easiest thing to set up. Just plug it all in and turn your TV on. The great thing about the stick is it asks you if you want it connected to the account you bought it from. I like options because we have a few different Amazon account holders in our house. I'm not tied down to one account and I adore that.The short, nifty video at start-up explains everything you need to know and the user interface is easy to use and understand. This stick does not come with voice controls, however, you can easily download the Amazon TV Fire app to your phone or tablet that includes it. It was pretty neat last night when I was finding content on my phone.I absolutely LOVE the mirror screen feature. I was able to show some of my pictures from my phone (Samsung Galaxy Note 3), that were not stored in the Amazon cloud, to my family by mirroring the screen. Totally awesome. There is also a feature that allows you to stop watching something on the Kindle and restart it back on the Fire TV stick, and vice versa. We haven't tried that feature out yet, but it was shown on the video at start-up.I do wish the parental controls were a little more in depth. I can block come content similar to the Kindle fire like pictures, videos, password protect video playback and purchases, but that's annoying to have to do that on every single video. I'd like to be able to require passwords for certain ratings, not all or none.So far, I'm in love. I don't have Chromecast or any other streaming media stick, so I can't compare it to any others, but what I love the most is that it's already programmed to my account when I hook it up and all my content is easily found right on the screen. I now want 2 more for other rooms in the house.Pros:Easy to set upAlready programmed at set up (with the option to change accounts if you want)Everything you need is in the box (no running around trying to find extenders or batteries)Easy user interfaceThe fact there are parental controls at allGreat app selection (Netflix, flixster, Hulu, several news outlets, Pandora, IheartMusic, etc)Phone and Tablet compatible appCons:Parental controls definitely need to be tweaked and offer more optionsRemote is kinda flimsy and cheap feeling (I'm scared I'll break it)Is kind of slow starting up when I turn the TV on (Although, to be fair, this could be my TV and not so much the box, just an observation)If I unlock content with my PIN (like photos) I have to go back through the parental controls settings to lock again. This isn't hard to do though, just annoying there isn't an easier way to relock content.I will MOST DEFINITELY will (and have) recommend this to a friend. I might find things in the coming days and weeks I don't like it about it, but so far, I adore the Amazon Fire TV stick.
I have a Chrome stick, and a Roku Stick, but this Fire TV Stick is so awesome, I don't use the others anymore.  In fact, I wish I pre-ordered more of them, because at this price level, there is nothing that will touch it performance wise.The Roku stick is so slow, it has been a frustrating experience.  When I ordered the Fire TV Stick, I wasn't expecting much better, considering how cheap it was ($20 during pre-order), but the speed & quality of the Fire TV Stick interface is on par with Apple TV (which is extremely smooth).  It also boots up much faster (instant if you don't cut power to the USB power source).Wi-Fi performance (using a Netgear NightHawk router) seems to be fine.I wish there were more apps for it (Time Warner's app would be a big one for me), but it looks like it's pretty easy to add your own Android apps, so I'll have to give that a shot.Compared with the Roku, it doesn't offer as much content, but if your primary media sources are Netflix and Amazon Prime, it's a great fit.I'll be buying more sticks soon!A couple of things to keep in mind (especially if you are new to this type of device):1) You need an external power source (typical for most sticks), but it comes with a nice looking USB power adapter.2) No Ethernet.3) It comes preconfigured with your Amazon account, so keep that in mind if giving one away.4) The remote is RF, so you can't just copy it to your standard IR universal remote.5) The included remote does not support voice search, but you can upgrade to the Fire TV remote if desired (or use the free app on your smartphone).6) It doesn't offer as much content as the Roku Stick, but hopefully that will change.7) USB port is on the side, which might make it a tight fit in some scenarios.
FireTV Stick & AirPlay/DLNA Receiver (Pro) App saved me a bunch of money!I was going to buy additional Apple TVs/Chromecasts to use on my bedroom and office TVs but this helped me save a bunch! $200 for 2 Apple TVs or $70 for 2 Chromecasts? How about $50 for 2 Fire TV Sticks (during the sale) and AirPlay/DLNA Receiver Pro App to do basically everything the Apple TV could do for a fraction of the cost and got a physical UI and remote instead of the lifeless Chromecast.I primarily use my TVs to mirror or beam my music videos from my iPhone or iPad, this and the App helps make that possible.The physical UI is pretty good for what it is and the remote to control it is more practical and useful than the Apple TV remote.  I leave mine on with the aquarium or fireplace apps when i'm not watching anything and it helps create a nice ambience in every room.  Then when I have a party, I do Airplay to mirror music videos on all my TVs...There aren't that many apps that are available for it yet but its more than sufficient for what I use mine for (YouTube, Netflix, Hulu Plus, Prime Videos, etc...)  Prime Videos are front and center and are already included with my Prime Membership so that is good.  The games are ok but I didn't buy this for that purpose.  The form factor is just right for my flat TVs and since they all have built in USB ports, I don't need to run the power cable down and there aren't any clutter.Highly recommended if you want or need to add AirPlay/DLNA capabilities for cross platforms as well.  If there is something that you want to be compatible, they might have an app for it or will have one down the road.  Apple TV, you get what they give you.  Chromecast, most things work with it but no physical UI to work with and no physical remote to use when you have your phone phone or tablet charging....Would buy again if I need more!
Wow, that was frustrating. Ordered two Amazon Fire Sticks. Figured I'd keep one and give the other as a present.The first.. was really tight in getting into and out of the HDMI jack. Once plugged in, I got the start up screen, and input my Hulu, Netflix, etc info. But there was flicker and static intermittently. Thought the stick might be loose or need a different cable. Nope. Same thing. Watched some shows on Hulu, and dealt with the flicker. Very annoying. From what I saw and played with, the picture quality (when it came in) was good (compared to AppleTV/Roku), and the interface was fine.This morning, I unplugged everything to move cables around, and the problem was now worse, but my Roku, blu-ray player, and DirecTV connections were fine. Alright, lets try the second stick...Same thing. If not worse. Just like the old days in trying to watch a far away station (Mars?) with rabbit ear antennae.Will try playing with the units again, but it's looking like I'm going to send them back. These two units may be a from a bad batch, but they're more headache than pleasure.UPDATE: I should mention that my studio/office TV is a Samsung with only one HDMI jack, and I use a Monoprice HDMI switcher to go from TV to blu/dvd to Roku. Maybe the FireTV Stick doesn't like the HDMI switcher? Or my Samsung TV? Everything else plays fine.This evening I jiggled the stick & cables a bit and was able to watch an episode of Constantine on Hulu, with only some glitches in the first few minutes of the episode. Then, I thought it was time to try the stick on the downstairs TV.The downstairs set is a older Panasonic plasma. I unplug the AppleTV and insert the FireTV stick (with extension. Without the extension, it was a bitch to get in (and I never did!) Even in the back of the set, and in the dark, I can plug the other stuff in, but not that Amazon stick! Anyway, it was in with the extension, and... nothing. No picture, no nothing. And yes, it was plugged into the power cord. OK, lets try a different HDMI jack. Same thing. Tight fit. Needs extension. And... Nothing. No picture.I'm confused. I give up. Let's just plug the Apple TV back in, 'cause, it just works.
I was beyond excited for this to arrive, and considering I pre-ordered it, I felt like my wait was forever.  (The half off price I received as a Prime Member made me happy enough to wait it out).  As a matter of fact, I was so excited to get a Fire TV Stick, I ended ordering two!  I stream media basically 24/7 in my house, and my beloved PS2 had finally bit the dust, so this was my new adventure.  I won't even mention the shipping problems, since they as for that review separately, but lets just say, I didn't have a pleasant experience.  When I FINALLY was able to plug my Fire Stick in for the first time, my BRAND NEW, JUST REALEASED device had to update.  Wait, what?  Why is there an update already for something I pre-ordered and received upon it's debut?  The update felt miserably slow, then failed, and had to start all over again.  When it finally opened, I have to say that set up and use were quite easy.  As a matter of fact, even my 4 year old has gotten the hang of using this, and we have had it 5 days total.  But in these 5 days, the device buffers constantly.  And for those who want to say that it's my internet connection...wrong.  My former PS2, my Blu-ray players with wifi capability (in rooms much further from my router), my laptops, my cell phones, and my iPad do not have any problems with connectivity or speed.  The internet service I have is optimum for movie streaming, and has never caused a problem in the past.  The buffering on the Fire Stick is constant, and very annoying.  I have yet to make it through one movie or show without this constant loading, and have even had one movie stop playing all together.  I had read reviews about how fast this device was...well, that is not my experience.I give this device 2 stars for ease of use, how discrete it is behind my TV, and for the idea behind it all.  If it worked reliably, this would be an amazing media streaming device...but the truth is, it doesn't.  What a disappointment Amazon.
I purchased this device the second day after it was announced, which means I got the device for twenty dollars. However, I would have gladly paid the full price for this device. At $20, it was a no-brainer. At $39, it's just as much of a value for what you're getting. I originally planned on using this device as my secondary device for my bedroom, but decided to move it to the living room once I saw what it offered over my Apple TV. The Apple TV is happy in my bedroom while the Fire TV Stick has center stage in the living room.Content:The Amazon Fire TV Stick gives you the ability to stream from everyone else that the other big guys like the Ruku and Apple TV allow you to, minus HBO Go. Amazon has stated that they are working on getting a version of HBO Go for their Fire TV and Fire TV Stick, but until then, you're essentially limited to mirroring from your Kindle Fire HD or HDX. That is, if you even own a Kindle Fire. This is not really a problem for me since I do own a Kindle Fire HDX, but a native app is certainly a better alternative and one that I greatly look forward to. Hurry up Amazon! We're waiting! The fact that I can get Plex for my Fire TV Stick is what made me decide to keep this in the living room and relocate the Apple TV instead. I LOVE me some Plex.Speed:There's no two ways about it; the Fire TV Stick isn't quite as powerful as the Fire TV set top box. But considering the price gap, I'm totally fine with a little bit more latency when navigating menus. There isn't any massive delay, but there is a minor stutter here and there as you navigate the home screen, especially if you have applications or content running in the background. But again, considering the price and what it offers, I'm fine with the slight hiccup every now and then. When compared to the Apple TV (second gen), it is considerably faster both loading content and navigating menus. I have never used the third gen Apple TV, so I cannot make any comparison there.Applications:Although you have the ability to run games on the Fire TV Stick, I would not recommend buying it if you plan to use it mainly for games. For the odd game here or there, it's fine, but don't expect insane performance from this thing. If you're looking for something more gaming-centric, I recommend the Fire TV set top box rather than the Stick. However, if you plan to use this for the general Netflix, Amazon Prime, Amazon Music, Hulu, Crackle, etc. etc., then you're better off with this instead of the Fire TV. The price difference is great enough to tolerate the minor software hiccup here and there, and the app selection is the very same (except for the games that it can run).Navigation:Short and sweet, you can use the remote, which is fine, but I recommend getting the Fire TV App if you have Android, a Fire phone, or a Kindle Fire. This will allow you to search for content via voice (though you will be limited to searching for apps that you have and apps in the store, and content from Amazon only, not, say, searching for content from Netflix via voice). It will also allow you to use a full keyboard, rather than the slow, tedious method of clicking around to each letter via the remote. There is currently no iOS app, but Amazon promises that there is one on the way.All in all I'm extremely satisfied with my purchase, especially since I got it for just $19 during the promotional introductory price. But, even at the full price, it's totally worth it. I will say that many retailers are having sales on the Fire TV Stick. You may be able to get it cheaper than you can via Amazon, so make sure you do your research first.
Plugged it directly into the HDMI port and a USB port on my Vizio TV, and it started right up (I got the warning to plug it into an outlet, but I don't currently have one available- the TV USB port seems to be working fine). At first I was worried because it appeared as if the WiFi connection to my router was really slow or unstable because it took about 15 minutes to download and install the updated software (everything else in my entertainment setup is wired via ethernet). Once it was up and running, though, it was snappy. I was on Netflix watching one of my shows within 2 minutes (basically as much time as it took to input my login credentials with the controller).There's way less buffering than on my 2nd Generation Apple TV, and the improvement in resolution is a welcome 'feature' from that device. Previously, I had been using the Vizio's built in apps for Amazon Prime, so that is also a huge improvement in usability. The Fire TV UI is a cluttered mess, but as long as what I need to use is easy to find, I don't care (I'd rather just have icons for the things I use- I don't need all the advertising). The Fire TV remote app for Android is nice too. I'm using it on a Nexus 7 (2013).I only wanted to try out the Fire TV Stick for Netflix and Amazon Prime videos, perhaps some YouTube, Netflix, and XBMC eventually. Nothing else it offers mattered to me (music, games, photo sharing... don't need it on my TV). For the promotional price I paid, I certainly can't complain!Edit: I've since sideloaded Kodi and it works great! Just as well as XBMC was running on my jailbroken Apple TV 2. No troubles streaming 1080p content over AFP from my Synology NAS, even with my touchy household wifi setup.Edit 2: I can't believe that it has only been just over a month since I got this thing- I've been using the heck out of it. I've been using an app on my Nexus 7 that'll let me sideload apps directly to the Fire TV stick (http://forum.xda-developers.com/fire-tv/themes-apps/fire-tv-loader-app-android-t2963536). That's been really handy. Also a app on the Nexus 7 that emulates a mouse and keyboard (http://www.amazon.com/Remote-Mouse-for-Fire-TV/dp/B00S4MU62I/). Both have added to the usefulness of the device. I do occasionally play some "mobile" games, Zen Pinball and Crossy Road, and have just been using the included remote as the controller... this has got me interested in researching vintage console emulators, and buying a bluetooth controller. I have a feeling that I might run out of space and processor power and want to upgrade to the full Fire TV...
For a cheap streaming device I really like the fire stick.  I have the Roku2 and Roku3, and I feel like The Fire stick is just as good as my Roku 3.  There are some features that I prefer on the Roku like the slingplayer channel for my sling box, and I really love the audio out jack on the Roku remote.  However For $40 the fire stick is pretty darn good.Here are some of the pro's of the fire stick:-Very small footprint.-easy to use and setup-access to a bunch of prime content as well as other channels such as plex and netflix-side load of some android apps is possible-seems impressively fast given the small size-Voice feature still can be used with fire remote app via your smart phone.Some of the Cons I've found from using a couple of days:-The Remote control for the stick seems to not work well.  Nav buttons are starting to stick and cause unwanted scrolling-It can sideload apps however I don't think it has the power to run most of the ones I attempted, or the app doesn't work properly-Although the front end is very visually pleasing, you can't modify the layout or customize what you see on your home screen-Sideloaded apps are not accessible via your apps on the home screen. Have to go through settings->applications-> manage all apps to access them.-Home screen overloaded with amazon prime content (I guess no way around that given it's made by amazon.)Overall I'm extremely happy with it.  If the remote worked extremely well I would have given it 5 stars.  I got the 19.99 pre-launch deal so It was a no-brainer purchase.  Now I'm considering making the switch to Move my Roku 3 down stairs and get a full blown fire TV unit for my main viewing area.  I currently have 3 TV's in the house.  I would most likely keep my roku3, keep the firestick, and potentially replace my Roku2 with the Fire TV unit.
I purchased this as a pre-order, at the discounted price for Prime members. At $20, this little stick is an amazing value, but it would still be worthwhile at the full price. I have had multiple streaming devices: the original Roku box, the Roku 3, a Chromecast, plus a Panasonic Blu-ray player with streaming capabilities. I feel like the Fire TV Stick presents a happy middle ground between the Chromecast and the Roku 3. The Roku 3 seems to have a slightly smoother interface than the Fire TV Stick. The Chromecast has a few unique features due to the tie-in with the Chrome browser, and being able to cast my PC desktop. However, i regularly found myself looking for a dedicated interface, rather than having to rely on playback controls within individual apps or websites. I currently have the Chromecast and Roku 3 together in my living room, with  the Roku 3 taking advantage of its proximity to my router to get an ethernet connection. The Fire TV Stick is now running in my bedroom, and we have been using it daily. I feel the wifi reception has been fairly strong. The only lags I have noticed have been while using the youtube.com "app." On occasion, the Watch Disney Junior apps is slow-loading. For some reason, this app loads directly to live video, which I think is unnecessary and likely puts a strain on the available processing and data connection resources. Pandora, Netflix, Plex and other apps load without noticeable delay. In fact, the Plex app on the Fire TV Stick might run better than the Roku 3 version.The content access is really sufficient. We have access to the various Watch Disney apps, Netflix, and Pandora. Some reviews note the delayed arrival of HBO GO, but due to the agreement between HBO and Amazon, Prime members can still access the back catalog of HBO shows through Prime Video. I like the interface of Prime Music, even if there are noticeable holes in the available catalog. I hope Amazon is able to reach agreements with the remaining record companies to fill in some blanks. I like the kid-centered exclusive content available on Amazon Prime video. Amazon tends to co-mingle content included with Prime and pay-per-view content, which is a bit of an annoyance.Setup of the device was very simple, as has been the registering of the apps I use.
I'll start off by saying that if it wasn't for the $20 promotional offer, I never would have picked up this product, I thought it was too good to pass up especially when comparing it to the other "stick" type offerings...I've noticed that a few users indicate this device doesn't work with the USB power from their TVs, I personally found these statements to me inaccurate, I've been running mine off of the power from the TV, the downside to doing this is that I have to wait for it to boot up and connect to the wireless before I can actually use it.  It also notified upon first use that utilizing anything other than the supplied power supply could result in inconsistent behavior or some such.  I haven't noticed any issues yet, but I haven't had it long...I've also seen users complain about the update process taking a long time, over an hour in some cases.  I had a different experience, mine took 5-10 minutes to update...Image/Audio quality seems decent, on par with similar devices...Apps don't "feel" as fast as my Roku 3...With Amazon's recent announcement for 4k streaming, this device leaves me confused as to why this capability wasn't baked in(other than cost anyway), not that most 4k TVs require this since most of them are "smart" and perform most of these capabilities internally...UI is about on par with amazon instant video.  I stated in another response that Amazon should consider poaching UI engineers from likes of Roku, Netflix, and/or the Plex.  I'm still of the opinion that Plex should have been included...I'm of the opinion that the ratings of the product should range between 2-4.  Ratings of 5 seem to indicate fanboys in most cases while anything below 2 I attribute to various malcontents whether it be a shipping issue, a DOA device(it happens), people don't like anything amazon, and the various other useless reviewers...Now that the promotionally period over, I would still probably choose the Roku over the Fire stick.  It's a far more mature platform which has far more intuitive interface that seems more polished in mo opinion.  I'm hoping that Amazon improves the UI overtime...
[REVIEW] Amazon Fire TV Stick - A capable media streaming device - Recommended with reservations. SEE UPDATE FOR REASONSI took advantage of a special pre-order deal for 2 qty Amazon Fire TV sticks. The price was right and I knew they would come in handy at some point in time. One of the reasons I wanted to have a Fire TV stick was to have a streaming media device I could use at my office or while on the road. Although standard streaming media devices are nice, they tend to be bulky. Smaller devices such as the Amazon Fire Stick and Google Chromecast are small and easy to throw into a bag.Review Summary:This summary is for those of you who aren't inclined to read the review in its entirety. It comes down to this: the Amazon Fire TV stick is nifty! If you neither want nor need a more capable full-featured device like a Roku 3 or AppleTV, then look no further than the Amazon Fire TV Stick. It easily meets my basic requirements of a streaming media device, it's well-priced, has a solid set of features, very good build quality and definitely has more to offer than its primary competitors. That's just my overall assessment of the Amazon Fire TV stick. Read on for the full review with all the details!Full Review:I didn't really need another streaming media device. I have a Roku 2 XS, an AppleTV 2, an AppleTV 3, a SmartTV and a Sony PS3. It may seem like an excessive number of devices for streaming media but each serves a distinct purpose and performs admirably. Why did I buy the Amazon Fire TV sticks? Price and convenience. The pre-order deal was an opportunity and I wanted a device to stream content while at work and on the road. The Amazon Fire TV seemed to offer a great balance between price, size and features. I wasn't disappointed.Inspecting the Amazon Fire TV Stick:I opened the box was pleasantly surprised by the build quality of the Amazon Fire TV stick. Unlike other dongle-type devices such as USB stick drives, the Amazon Fire TV stick doesn't feel like it was going to fall apart after using it just a few times. The remote has the same level of build quality and a nice feel to it. In comparison, the remote provided by Apple for its AppleTV very thin and light and uncomfortable to hold and use and the remote provided with Roku devices is heavy and bulky. The Chromecast, one of the main competitors of the Amazon Fire TV stick, doesn't even have a remote. This may not be an issue to some people because they don't mind using a smartphone app as a remote but to me, it's a reason to avoid it. I don't have my phone nearby at all times. It may be in the kitchen or bedroom while I'm in the living room. Or, on a counter plugged in a charger. Who's to say? Imagine I want to use a chromecast and my phone is plugged in and charging. That's going to make using the remote app pretty cumbersome.Here's what you get from Amazon.  The Amazon Fire TV Stick  a remote control  an HDMI extension cable  An AC adapter  An instruction ManualAlthough this should be obvious, you'll need to connect the stick to a device that has HDMI such as a port built into your TV or home theater receiver and it must have access to the Internet via wifi.Setting up the Amazon Fire Stick:The email I received from Amazon.com about my Fire TV sticks informed me they were preregistered to my Amazon account. On one hand, this is convenient. Plug in the Fire TV Stick and it's ready to go out of the box. However, I am not a fan of this type of service. What if I planned to give the stick to someone as a gift? The recipient will take it out of the box already configured for my account. Definitely not a good thing. Amazon.com should either not automatically register the device to the account of the purchaser or, at the time of purchase, give the buyer the option of having it pre-registered or left unregistered. As a result, I have to contact Amazon.com about deregistering one of the sticks because I had planned to gift it to someone. That being said, setup is a breeze.The Amazon Fire TV Stick connects to your TV or home theater system via HDMI. So, connecting it is just a matter of popping it into place. It was very thoughtful of Amazon to provide an HDMI extension cable. Unfortunately, I've come across TVs whose designers did a horrible job placing the HDMI ports on them. Sometimes they're too close together. Other times, they are placed in a manner that makes it very difficult to an HDMI cable or device to it. Fortunately, the connecting the Amazon Fire TV Stick to my office's RCA 1080p LED TV proved a non-issue. I didn't need to use the extension cable.This brings me to an idea... Why make the stick 100% reliant on juice from an ac adapter? I can't imagine an Amazon Fire TV stick uses a significant amount of electricity. I would not have minded Amazon finding a way to make it battery-operated with an option to juice it via ac adapter. Think in terms of a built-in rechargeable battery. That way, I could juice it up before I hit the road and leave the ac adapter at home. Maybe just bring a charging cable I can connect to other USB charger(s) I might have with me.The fact that the Amazon Fire TV stick requires an AC adapter for proper functionality brings to mind a concern. Just how much weight can an HDMI port support? It isn't like the cables are plugged in and screwed into place like VGA or DVI monitor connections. HDMI cables and devices plug into place with no additional support. In the case of the Amazon TV fire Stick (and its competitors), the HDMI port needs to support the weight of the device _and_ a cable that connects it to the AC adapter. And, depending on how the port is placed on the TV, it may even result in a poor connection.Using the Amazon Fire TV Stick:Once the stick was connected, I attached the cable to the AC adapter and powered up everything. As with all streaming media devices, the stick took a short time to power up. The Amazon Fire TV Stick provided a brief welcome video and then immediately switched over to accessing my wifi and configuring a basic but critical video setting.Accessing the network was easy. Choose the network, plug in the password and hit the next button. It found my network without any trouble whatsoever. Next it asked me to tweak a display setting, where I had to scale up or down a set of arrows to make sure the entire picture fit on the TV properly. Again, very easy and it took all of a few seconds. There are a a slew of other settings but I didn't delve into them too deeply. Leaving them on automatic seemed to be dandy. I did notice the Amazon Fire TV Stick has more video settings than the Roku 2 XS. Once I finished looking at the settings, it was time to explore the apps on the device.The interface of the stick is easy to navigate. I had no trouble whatsoever finding the settings and apps and such. One notable difference is the speed and smoothness of the device. It responds more quickly then a Roku 2 XS and feels just as smooth as the AppleTV 2 and 3 and the smart features built into my 2013 model year Samsung Smart TV.  This could be a significant improvement over the smart features built into your TV or may be similar or worse.The smart features in smart TVs are definitely not created equal. So, if I say the Amazon Fire Stick feels as smooth as the smart features in my Samsung TV - I forget the model # off the top of my head - it doesn't mean they will be better or worse than those in other smart TVs and devices, regardless of brand. Consider... One of my brothers recently purchased a low-end 2014 model year Samsung smart TV and the speed of its apps and its app interface is noticeably inferior to the smart features in my 2013 Samsung TV, which was near the high end of the mid-range models of its time. The design and speed of the smart interface of my brother's new TV is inferior to that of a Roku 2 XS, too. Based on that, the interface and speed of the Amazon Fire TV Stick is that much more of an improvement over the smart features of his TV.Again, the interface of the Amazon Fire TV stick is easy to navigate. It's more reminiscent of a Roku than it is, say, an AppleTV. There is a list of options on the left side of the screen, i.e. settings, my apps, etc and then the rest of the screen are the apps and such available within the chosen option. Amazon offers a wide variety and ever growing set of apps - far more than enough to satisfy 99% of the people interested in streaming content to their TV. But, while there are a ton of apps available, they aren't necessarily installed out of the box. For example, Netflix is not automatically instaleld but is readily available as a free download. It's the first app I installed on the Amazon Fire TV Stick and gave a whirl.Streaming from Netflix on the Amazon is just like on a Roku 2 XS or my iPad. You'll have to enter your login info the first time you use it. This should not come as a surprise. Once you do that, open the app, choose who is accessing the service and content is immediately available. This brings to mind a benefit over the NetFlix app built into my Samsung TV. On my TV, I can't choose the user. I hadn't had multiple users the first time I setup NetFlix on my TV and I can't find a way to log out and log in again to see if i can change the user. Very annoying. This may change when the app is updated in the future. Or, at some point, I may have NetFlix log out of every device and start from scratch. At that point, I may be able to change the primary user in my TV's configuration. Fortunately, this is a non-issue with the Amazon Fire TV Stick.The RCA TV at my office is a 1080p/60Hz LED TV. The picture is actually surprisingly good for a 24" LED TV. Not as good as my Samsung at home or my brother's Samsung or a larger, higher quality TV but definitely more than sufficient for my office. After all, it's primary purpose is to serve as a display for our video surveillance system. But, we felt it would nice to have the option of streaming content to it over our lunch hour.My "go to" video for testing streaming is Marvel's The Avengers. I chose this video for the obvious reasons. Lots of fast paced action and ambient sound. That it's good fun is a bonus. There's nothing like watching the Hulk give Loki a serious beat down. And, the Amazon Fire TV stick didn't disappoint me at all. The picture quality started off marginally yuck but quickly improved to quite good. This is no different than my experiences streaming on a Roku 2 XS, AppleTV and on my Samsung TV. The picture quality is always off at first. Movement on the screen was smooth. Colors were nice. Definitely made for a nice viewing experience.Unfortunately, I couldn't assess the audio quality because the RCA TV at my office has horrendously bad speakers. A $9.99 AM transistor radio from the 70s is an improvement. As expected, the sound quality while watching The Avengers was horrible. As I said, though, this is not the fault of the Amazon Fire TV stick. Audio quality is 100% dependent on the streamed content and the sound quality of the audio-video hardware, i.e. TV, home theater system, etc. I'm betting the sound quality will be at the least acceptable to pretty good on a better TV and/or TV connected to a home theater system or soundbar.My next step was to check out Amazon Video On Demand (VOD). As with Netflix, it was a breeze. The key difference is I didn't have to doownload and app and/or log into the system. As I pointed out previously, he Amazon Fire TV Stick was affiliated with my account automatically since I purchased it directly from Amazon.com. The one thing it did ask is if I wanted to enable parental controls. I immediately told it yes and recommend everyone do the same. Admittedly, I'm the only one who's going to use the stick. However, in this day and age of fraud and insecurity, I feel requiring a PIN for purchases is worthwhile. Streaming using Amazon VOD was near identical to streaming with Netflix. Accessing the content was quick and easy. Videos had a fine picture and played smoothly. Audio quality was still horrendously bad due to the speakers of the RCA TV.Content:As with all streaming media devices, Amazon provides apps for accessing content. Amazon VOD. NetFlix. You name it. Everyone will find something. Once in an app, I can't imagine someone having a difficult time finding enjoyable content. I typically watch content from NetFlix and Amazon Prime VOD. Occasionally, I might rent a show form Amazon. I don't do it often but every once in a while when I don't want to wait for somethign to show up as a freebie on Amazon Prime VOD or Netflix or via iTunes or Verizon FIOS Video on Demand.This brings me to a key difference between the Amazon Fire TV Stick and one of its main competitors. The Amazon Fire TV Stick provides easy access to Amazon rentals and purchases. If you have a large Amazon library, then buying an Amazon Fire TV Stick is a no-brainer. No doubt about it. The Fire TV Stick will give you immediate access to all of your Amazon media content. But, If you're Apple-centric with a significant investment in iTunes content or have a large iTunes library on your computer/phone/tablet and want to stream it to your TV, then you may want to consider an AppleTV  since the Amazon Fire TV Stick doesn't offer you access to your iTunes media. There may be a way around this limitation but it seems hardly worth the trouble dealing with it.One of the reasons people choose the Chromecast or AppleTV over other streaming devices is the ability to throw content to it from a phone, tablet or computer to it to be viewed on the TV as long as they are all on the same local network. It's a cool feature, in theory. The problem is that it requires the user to actively find content on the source device, i.e. phone, computer, tablet, etc and then send it to the Chromecast or AppleTV. I've done this with a Chromecast and with Apple products and AppleTVs. It's definitely doable. But, is it convenient? Not in my experience. Who wants to futz with a computer, phone or tablet to watch content? I'd rather use the streaming media device itself and be done with it. The only time "casting" content comes into play is if I have something on the source device (Phone, computer, etc) that isn't accessible directly via the streaming media device.I consider this a secondary feature at best. Think in terms of a bonus that improves the overall experience of a streaming media device. However, in my opinion, a streaming media device should have ample features and usability to stand on its own without requiring a local source of content. The Amazon Fre TV Stick doesn't let you down in that regard. It has its base set of apps and an ever expanding library of additional apps. But, like an AppleTV and the Apple universe, the Amazon Fire TV Stick is very amazon-centric. Does this come as a surprise? Not at all. It's an Amazon streaming device. I would have been shocked if it _wasn't_ amazon-centric. Is this a bad thing? No. Ignore the Amazon stuff when you don't want to use it. It isn't a big deal. If this is an issue, then choose a different streaming device.A couple of other notes:The AC adapter of the Amazon Fire TV Stick connects via USB. However, don't assume this means your TV, if it has USB, can power the device. This is not necessarily the case. On some TVs, a built-in USB port is used for accessing content from an external storage device, i.e. external hard disk drive or for installing a firmware update. The port may even have enough juice to power some USB flash drives. May is the operative word. The ports don't necessarily provide much power and may not have enough juice to power the Amazon Fire TV Stick. You can try it but don't be shocked if it results in problems. Definitely check with the manufacturer or your TV for details. The same can be said when connecting the Amazon Fire TV Stick to a home theater receiver.One key benefit the Amazon Fire TV Stick will have over the competition is the ability to connect to a WiFi network that requires web browser based authentication. This is the kind of network which, when you connect to it, pulls up a web site into which you plug in a user name and password. They are common in hotels. Will is the operative word. Amazon hasn't implemented this feature yet. It will be a _huge_ leap forward in streaming devices once they have it in place. The usability of the Amazon Fire TV Stick when traveling will increase tremendously. Once this feature is active, just remember to log out of the wireless system of the given location, especially if they charge by the minute or day.Games. I'm not a big gamer, so I didn't test any of the games. However, games via media streaming devices is going to change the landscape of living room entertainment. No doubt, a Roku or Amazon Fire TV or Fire TV Stick isn't going to replace a Sony Playstation or XBox. Consoles are an entirely different market. However, games like those can be played on a smartphone, on the other hand, can be immensely fun on a TV. At some point, I'll break out a game or two and see how well they run. I definitely see kids playing games via a smart stick instead of a console.I should point out that I might have given the Amazon Fire TV Stick a 5 star review if Amazon hadn't preregistered the stick to my Amazon account and had iOS remote control software available on the device's release date. But, I like the Amazon Fire TV stick enough that I felt it still earned four stars.Final assessment:Don't hesitate to buy an Amazon Fire TV stick. It's a nifty device and a welcome player in the field of streaming media devices. If you neither want nor need a more capable full-featured device like an Amazon Fire TV box, Roku 3 or AppleTV, then look no further than the Amazon Fire TV Stick. It more than easily meets the basic requirements of a streaming media device, it's well-priced, has a solid set of features, and very good build quality. You won't regret purchasing it.JULY 7, 2015 UPDATEThe initial versions of this review reflected how happy I was with the Amaozn Fire TV Stick upon my initial purchase. However, over time, Amazon has changed the interface of the devices and I've had problems using to stream content via the Netflix app. The interface is very Amazon.com centric. While this is not a surprise since the Fire TV Stick is an Amazon device, it definitely makes it more difficult to use it with other services. As a result, navigation is more cumbersome.The other issue is stalls when using the Fire TV stick to stream content via the NetFlix app. Meaning, as I'm watching content, it will stop streaming and a percentage counter will appear and stall at 25%. This happened several times. At that point, I powered up NetFlix on my iPhone, iPad, AppleTV and on the TV itself (via its Smart features). No problems streaming NetFlix content on the non-Amazon devices. Switched back to the Fire TV stick and it stalled. This happened for several months and was annoying enough that I moved the Fire TV stick to a different room, where it's connected to a TV that isn't used for streaming that often. As a result of these issues, I've changed my rating from four stars to three stars and only recommend the stick with reservations.
When I got this for my non "smart" LED TV I had an idea of what to expect as I was already comparing it to Chromcast.  First off, it offers a remote BUT you can also download an app that acts as a remote as well.  This was huge as I was immediately concerned in the eventuallity of me losing said remote.I dont have any real criticsms but if there is anything ti nitpick that would be that the remote needs to be pointed at the tv.  its not RF or at least I havent verified however its not as bad as traditional IR (since the receiver stick is behind the TV.The HDMI dongle is good thinking on Amazon's team.  When there are multiple HDMI ports as mine does the stick though flush, could make thinks a little trickier to unplug.  Having said that, the dongle extension they provide does the trick with flying colors.The interface is simple but intuitive, adding apps like Hulu and youtube took less then a few minutes.  I was up and running watching shows on hulu, amazon prime and youtube (btw, if you have an android smartphone, pair it with youtube and you can "tell" the firestick to show what your phone is watching!!!)I have removed my cable box from my room, which charges $10/mo, subscribing to Hulu Plus is 8 bucks..So now i have instant access to all the shows that I watch and then some.  Its worth it and saving a few bucks to boot.I plan to fully cut the cable cord once the promotional cable rate is over (its bundled with my internet).Things to consider though esp in this day and age where there are data caps to our "unlimited internet" plans.  Comcast offers 300gb in most if not all plans.  I strongly recommend when watching youtube or netflix to use "medium" quality.  It greatly reduces the amount of data in your plan.  Im going on 10 days into my plan (while using Hulu literally ALL DAY and night) along with working at home (VOIP/VPN) and only used 50gb of data.  Before I was using over 120gb+ by this time!I recommend this over the chromecast only because of the remote.  I like to have a physical remote but the OPTION of a software remote is a nice touch.  Performance is good and no stuttering observed.
I was extremely excited to be able to jump on my Amazon Fire Stick for only $19! After reading everything that it was supposed to do, it definitely sounded like a winner. So when my stick arrived early, it felt like Christmas!Let me preface this by saying that I have a Roku, 2 Chromecasts, Smart TVs, Wiis, Xboxes, and a WDTV Live (not all in the same rooms, of course). So I've got a lot to compare it to!The initial set-up was easy. Plug into the HDMI port on the TV.  Plug it into the wall.  Put the batteries in the remote (now this was a bit of a challenge...I had the hardest time getting it to open!). Good to go.  Now, the registering should have been easy. It was a gift to me from my cousin, so it was tied to her Amazon account. No biggie. I'll just connect it to mine.  Or will I?  When I initially put in my email address, it kept displaying an error saying that it was not a valid email address.  What?! The letters on the screen were pretty huge, and my vision is great...after reading and rereading to figure out where the problem was, I erased a few of the characters and retyped them. And it went through.  Okay.  *whew*Then I input my password.  Yay!  Let's go.  Oops...NO.  It then tells me that the username/password isn't tied to an Amazon account.  WHAT?!  Of course it is!  Unfortunately, the Fire Stick didn't seem to care what I screamed at it, so I had to use the remote (which takes some time getting used to, because I accidentally kept pressing the wrong letter/number). It told me to re-enter my username and password. But I didn't. I simply pressed Okay on both screens to use what was already there (the values that I had input before).  And this time it worked.  What the heck?!  Um...all right.Now we're in business. I can't wait to check everything out!  Apps first. I was a little disappointed at the selection, since I didn't see HBO GO (or a few other apps that I can't remember right now).  And for some reason, the Lifetime App give me all of the full episodes with my TV provider (or any major one like Xfinity, AT&T;, DirectTV). Why not?! It works on my Roku!  Ugh...On to Hulu. I'm trying to activate my account on the computer, when my TV shuts off.  That's no good.  I turn it on, and it happens again.  Is the Fire Stick killing my TV?!  Let's hope not. I went into the TV settings and changed my CEC settings to Off. Not sure why, but it did stay on a little longer after that. And then it was bedtime.This morning, I'm ready to get on the Amazon Fire Stick again, hoping that I have better luck.  I turned my TV on...and it went right back off.  Whoa!  Maybe my brain isn't awake yet and it didn't really come in.  I press power again and the TV logo comes up and I see the Fire Stick screen...and then it disappears and the power light fades out.  No bueno!  Next time I turn the TV on, I quickly switch my input to the cable box.  Okay, the TV stays on.At this point I'm thinking that the Fire Stick might possibly be possessed by the devil. But I'm determined to cast him OUT of my device, so I won't give up.  I switch the TV input back to the Fire Stick, and it works this time without the TV shutting off.  YAY!  So now I'm watching Australia's Next Top Model. That'll surely get the devil to leave...So in conclusion (hahaha)...*  The registration process can be a little buggy at times.*  For some reason, the device might make your TV shut off. It may be remedied by making sure your TV is turned on to an input other than the Amazon Fire Stick.*  The number of apps are limited, but it's a new device, so hopefully they'll have more in the near future.*  The network permissions for the apps may not be the same as it is on your other devices. I suppose the cable providers aren't yet too approving of the Fire Stick.  :(*  The picture quality is great.*  The remote will take a little getting used to.  And the center/ok button can be a bit sensitive. It also might be hard to get the battery cover off.Perhaps I'll re-review after I've used it for a while. But overall, I can't be mad because I paid $19 for it...
Impressed with this little guy so far.  Set-up is a breeze, and the interface is easy to navigate.My Amazon account was pre-initialized based on the order, which was a nice surprise.The Netflix app is not pre-installed, you have to download it and then use the alphabet-picker interface to sign into your account.Had a few stutters in the refresh on the main screen.There is no "reboot" or shutdown option, but you can put it to sleep.Comes with Plex app for sharing home media.  I should mention that what you see is a list of available apps, you have to select them and download.It says it has 5GB of free space, which I assume will be consumed by additional downloads.Amazon Prime is preloaded of course, and each video or episode is marked with a "Prime" logo, which means you can watch it for free if you have a Prime account.I believe the OS is android and it is very similar to kindle HD, etc.  You can enable "developer" mode, which activates debugger output and appears to allow you to side-load apps (I haven't tried it yet).It comes with a short HDMI cable and charger with micro USB cable, which is a very nice value for the price.  I didn't need the HDMI shorty as I had enough room to plug it in directly.So now I have like 10 ways to watch netflix:  smart TV, roku, TIVO, firestick, android tablet, IOS devices...This is convenient, though, even if you have a smart TV, because you can flip between display sources and apps by just flipping through the input sources.  This is way faster than starting an app on the smart TV, and then going to a different source, because you have to exit the app and then restart it after changing.  Having a dedicated source means you can pick up where you left off.I've had other HDMI sticks and this is the best one so far.
So this is really interesting. I've never written a review as long as the one I'm about to write but I was nervous about ordering this and was pleasantly surprised! dA little back story: We recently cancelled our cable because it was getting to be stupid expensive, plus we have Hulu Plus and Netflix. Then I got an email saying the Fire TV Stick was on sale for $19 if you preordered it. Umm, done. We ordered two, didn't know where were going to put the second one or if we were going to give it as a gift, but for that price we knew we needed 2.So we actually forgot about it because we ordered it about a month before it's release, so when it came we were really excited. It took all of 5 minutes to hook up to our tv and 4 of those minutes were reading the directions. It could not be easier, you literally just plug it in your HDMI outlet and into the wall for power. So easy. Took a minute to hook up to the internet but most of our devices have trouble finding our wifi, not sure why. Once we got it hooked up we just started messing around with it to see what it could do.There are all kinds of apps you can download, plus a ton of shows that come with Prime Instant Video that you can watch for free. There are also games, music apps, you can load pictures onto it (there is a screensaver type feature when you aren't using it). It's really neat. I haven't looked into the game apps as much because I'm just not a gamer, but it does not look like there were that many free game apps. Almost all the video and music apps are free. So basically, this gives you the features of a smart tv for a whole lot less money. I do wish the remote was a tad bit bigger because I'm constantly losing it in my bed, it's about 4 inches tall and 2 inches wide, but that wasn't worth losing a star. I love this thing.
The Fire TV stick is a nice little device, slightly hampered by a merely okay service backing it.Pros:-Small device. It's about as wide and tall as any HDMI plug, but long enough that it sticks out quite a bit.-Included HDMI extender cable, basically this is to get the device away from the HDMI port in case it's getting in the way of other plugs, as it's only a few inches long, but it does help.-Functional remote. My remote paired instantly and has worked flawlessly, the buttons don't have the best tactile feel but overall everything works.-Definitely works. From playing couch games like You Don't Know Jack, to browsing Prime, to Netflix it all works right out of the box, with a minimum of fuss.-Sufficiently powerful. The device certainly isn't "fast", you'll notice a lot of problems while it's installing something in the background, but for running your streams and playing simple games it all works well.Cons:-Doesn't turn off. There is no power button anywhere. I understand Amazon wants an always-on device that updates itself while you're away, but for power-conscious people leaving the device and hoping it sleeps is not satisfactory. If you wanted to ensure the device turned off, you'd have to pull its power supply.-Lack of ports. As said, you'll probably need the HDMI extender to keep the device from blocking other ports on your TV, and it requires USB power which sort of sticks out the side, and it has absolutely no other ports- there's a variety of additions you can make to the Fire TV box which can't be added to the stick, having at least one port would have been nice. Overall, this unit can potentially be awkward when it comes to connections.-Might have connectivity issues. I've had one instance in a couple weeks' usage here the unit stopped reading my wireless connection, even though everything else in the house was working fine, and the only thing I could do to resolve it was to reset the device to factory defaults (losing all settings aside from registration with my Amazon account, it's nice that this hangs around).Included "Prime Instant" Viewing:As of writing, the bulk of the content that's included with prime revolves around popular television shows. If you want to see some Doctor Who, you're probably in luck. Variety however, especially for movies, is not great. Especially for movies they have a ton of categories for sorting, but few titles actually available- look around and you'll quickly be laughing at how often you see the same few titles over and over. Sure you still have access to Amazon's full library of titles you can buy or rent, but the actual streaming portion is barely passable.Overall:A great device for an older family member who buys things off Amazon, you can view a few free shows and rent movies whenever you want. Anyone interested in any kind of "power" usage, such as plugging in a game controller, will need the full set-top box. Everything about the Fire TV Stick is "just okay". For example, the buttons on the remote aren't very clicky, they're responsive but they're a bit mushy. Browsing quickly through menus is again just okay, only one item is highlighted at a time and trying to forward through the list goes too fast for browsing, so again it's not bad but it's just okay. If you have Prime, and you stream things from Amazon and/or Netflix and/or Hulu, this is a neat little device to have. It just doesn't have any "wow" factor at all.
Ok. So, I'm a gadget fan, the more tech I own, the better I feel, ...sorta. When Amazon announced this new Fire TV Stick, I was about to pull the trigger on the Fire TV Box with extra remote. I held off on that purchase and ordered the Fire TV Stick instead, that was back in October. It is December and it finally arrived. The delay is no problem, I was told to expect it Dec. 23rd, so it is actually here earlier than I was expecting it. Here is my take on the device after a day of using it:Very simple installation. It came preregistered to my Amazon account, already working with my Prime membership too. I plugged it into the HDMI port and then into USB power port on the back of my Samsung Flat Panel HDTV, but the Fire TV Stick failed to ot to the Home Screen. It kept restarting (just showed me the Amazon and animated Fire TV logos repeatedly). The small instruction booklet that came with the Fire TV Stick recommended using the included square power plug, so I gave that a try. It worked like a charm after that, Home Screen came right up after a brief software update dowload and initialization. So far, so good.I downloaded several apps from the onscreen selections, i.e. Hulu Plus, TuneIn Radio, iHeartRadio, Pandora, Netflix, etc. and input my registration on each app. I also downloaded a Fire photo frame app that I used my Amazon coins to purchase. Onscreen purchases, evidently, worked just fine from the Fire TV Stick as well.Wow. My movies played almost instantly without delay, and other than an occasion split second hiccup during video playback every so often (not even really noticeable but I mention it here for others), the playback was smooth. The menu selections were smooth also, no delays, no problems at all. **Loved it.The remote was simple to figure out, really didn't need to watch the intro video that came up the first time the Fire TV Stick connected. It is all so very intuitive.Next, I wanted to try the mirroring feature between my Kindle HDX and the Fire TV Stick. I went to Settings on my Kindle HDX, then Display, then selected Mirroring. Couldn't have been simpler. After maybe 20 seconds, my Kindle HDX display was now showing on my Fire TV Stick-connected HDTV, big as life. I watched movies I had stored on my Kindle HDX, layed music from the cloud, it worked fantastically. No problems, whatsoever. I wished the Kindle display could be turned off during the mirroring activity, but no worries there. When I rotated my Kindle, the display adjusted to the same orientation.I even read one of my digital magazines and a book on my HDTV during the mirroring. I fell asleep while watching an episode of Doctor Who last night, and when I awoke this morning I noticed that my Kindle was still showing that I was connected in Mirroring mode, but only the Fire TV Stick's Home Screen was showing. I had to Power Off my Kindle HDX and Power On, then reconnect to the Fire TV Stick to continue the Mirroring feature.I have read others' reviews wherein they recommended the Fire TV Box over the Fire TV Stick due to delays in menu selections, but I didn't see any delays. Things went pretty smoothly. Very pleased. Buying another Fire TV Stick for the other room.
From an owner of the full size Fire TV.  I got this one for a second bedroom expecting the same interface and same ease of use in a cheaper smaller package.  That's exactly what it delivers.  I am running the power for mine off the USB "service" port on my TV with no issues at all.  The interface seems to be the same as the Fire HD full size box.  The only difference is the remote so far.  I did not opt for the more expensive microphone remote.  Otherwise it's just fine.  What's a big plus, is they give you a small 3-4" HDMI "dongle" cable in case you need it.  My TV needs it as the back has low clearance.  With the dongle I can bend the stick to hang down flush with the back of the TV.  Response and speed seem OK, I haven't had enough time with it to say if it's much different than the Fire TV.  Video quality was excellent on both Netflix and Amazon Prime videos.  It synced up to my "N" wireless network with no issues at all.  Truly a plug-n-play install.  One note, the default video resolution was set to 720p on my TV.  I bumped it up to 1080p 60hz with no problem.  Just keep this in mind if your TV is 1080p, you might have to set this manually.A really nice feature, is that all of the Apps that I had downloaded on my existing Fire TV were shown and click able .  When clicked they downloaded and installed on this device.  Very convenient!This TV used to have a ChromeCast on it, which while nice, lacked a proper remote.  I found it much easier to control the Fire TV with the nice small remote rather than having to mess around with my tablet or smart phone.  Also the Fire TVs have a much wider app selection than what ChromeCast currently supports.The Fire TV Smartphone app is nice, if you would like to use a "keyboard" to perform searches.  Controlling the screen with slide / touch / tap is neat, but I personally prefer the remote's hard buttons.
I thought I would give this a try. At the pre-order price of $19 I figured I couldn't go wrong.  I always take my Kindle Fire and a HDMI cable when I go to a hotel, so that I can watch my selections from Prime, Netflix, PBS etc. instead of the junk that is on regular TV.  I have an older Kindle Fire that doesn't "fling", so I have to be tethered to the TV with a cable.  I thought the Fire TV Stick would allow me to leave the HDMI cable at home.  What isn't clear in the pictures or the description is that the Fire TV Stick has to be powered from an electric outlet.  Not every hotel room has an electrical outlet (that you can reach) close enough to the TV to allow the Stick to be plugged in.  So, I would not be saving any room in my suitcase because I would have to bring along an extension cord in case I need it.  No worries,  the way I do it now works for me.I have been using ROKU at home for years, ever since it came out and it works fine.  I have been using the Fire TV Stick at home since I received it and I really like the interface, once I got used to finding my way around.  The Fire Stick has some things that ROKU doesn't, like some interesting apps, games and the ability to view my own photos that are stored on Amazon cloud.  You can even use your photos as a slide show and/or screen saver.  You also have access to any of your music that is stored on Amazon cloud.ROKU has a ton of channels, but face it, most of them aren't anything that you want to watch.  The Fire TV Stick comes from Amazon, so it is geared towards Amazon content.  Other "channels" are apps that you have to add, but it is easy to add them.  Just make sure you have all your username/passwords handy when you go through set-up.Since I was one who got in on the pre-order special, I am sure that all of the early released sticks were beta versions because mine had to update software for about 20 minutes when I plugged it in.  It has worked fine since then.I think that if I was new to streaming video, I would get the Fire TV Stick over ROKU.  I have not tried Fire TV, so I can't compare it.  At $39 the Fire TV Stick is a great way to stream for very little money.
I received the Fire Stick on December 8, 2014; here are my initial impressions. I'll try to update my review if I encounter issues, but so far it's been a breeze.--The device immediately found the available networks, i.e., within a few seconds.--Connecting to our home wireless network was simple; I selected the network, entered the password, and it connected immediately.--It found my Prime account, I confirmed the account name, and it initiated the update process. The updates took about two minutes (I timed it). After that, I was off and running. This was the easiest setup of a network device I've seen.--The included remote worked flawlessly and instantly. We've been connecting to Amazon on our other TVs with Panasonic Blu-Ray players, but the response time with the Fire Stick is far quicker.--Using the menu is intuitive (for me, at least, but I'm the one who always gets this job in our house--I've nicknamed myself the MOThR).--Scrolling through menu options, adding shows to my watchlist, etc., are all quick and easy.--UPDATE 12/9/2014: we wanted to access YouTube, which is on the supported app list. HOWEVER, YouTube is not one of the apps that shows up on the list by default. To access it, go to Apps-->Categories-->Entertainment and scroll through the list to find YouTube. Install it (free), and then it will show up on the list of your apps.Because another reviewer commented that they'd had to reset the Stick after powering the TV off without putting the Stick to sleep, I checked to see whether this one did so. It didn't; when I powered the TV on again, it went right to the Home screen. NOTE: getting to the "Sleep" option wasn't hard, but it's in the Settings menu. If it really is necessary to put the Stick to sleep when powering off, you should be able to do it from the main menu (I didn't look for it there, but there aren't that many options on the main menu). UPDATE 12/9/2014: After the TV was turned off overnight, I turned it on this morning and switched it to the input source where the Fire Stick was connected. Blank screen. Pressed the "Home" button on the Fire remote, and it came up almost instantly to the home page.So far, I'm loving it. I bought it to use with the only TV that doesn't have a Blu-Ray player attached, but I may end up getting another one for the big screen in the family room. Yes, it is Amazon-centric; but I bought it primarily to access our Amazon Prime account, so that's no big deal for me.If you haven't read cnet's review of the Fire Stick (cnet.com), I recommend that you do so. It may answer some questions you'll have to scroll through hundreds of Amazon reviews to find.
I seem to be one of the unlucky ones that is having Wifi connection troubles. I'm using a Wifi "G" network, and the FireTV Stick is connected to the back of my Sony receiver and in a cabinet. The WiFi connection is constantly coming and going...and I am using the extender cable (which is very short...about 1"). It's in the same cabinet with my Sony Bluray player that is able to stream HD movies with no troubles from the same router.The remote is also very "glitchy"...it sometimes won't respond at all, and then "catches up" all at once to past commands. I suspect that the device software gets hung up dealing with the WiFi problems, which causes the remote to stop responding.I'm buying a 6 ft HDMI extended cable to see if repositioning the Stick will work.From what I have seen, I like the UI, and I really like how it connects automatically to my Amazon account and CloudDrive Photos....I'm looking forward to using it for slide shows.I just hope I can get it to work...luckily I only paid $19 for it (but now I'm buying an $8 HDMI extended...hmm....)** UPDATE **Tonight, I used an Android app on my phone called "WiFi Analyzer" to check the signal strength inside the cabinet. The app suggested that WiFi channel 6 had less "competition" from my neighbors (the router was previously on the "auto" channel setting, and had chosen channel 1). After switching to channel 6 in my router, things definitely seem to have improved. The network drops still occur, but far less often, and I was able to stream an entire "Flight of the Conchords" episode with only one buffering issue. I still think that the FireTV Stick has especially finicky WiFi reception, so you have to have to be extra careful with your network setup if you're having problems. Hopefully, the longer HDMI extender will allow me to reposition the stick to improve reception further...
An inexpensive entertainment device that provides HD-quality picture and sound, the Fire TV is one of the cheapest ways to add entertainment options to your TV, to enjoy your Prime subscription, and perhaps even to stop paying for cable.The Fire TV Stick is an android device, like most smartphones, which means that to get all the use out of it you can, you'll have to supplement its native abilities by downloading apps onto it.  You can do this by going to Amazon's site and finding them(google play is not available), or by getting them right from your Fire TV stick's interface.  You can buy them using the payment options you already have registered, or use Amazon "coins" to buy them, which you get 500 of for free with the stick.  They work out to a penny a coin for app purchases -- that is, if an app is offered for 99 cents, it's also offered for 99 coins.  You can always buy more coins,and they come at a discount from cash from Amazon.The stick doesn't have most of the channels you're used to watching with even a modest cable package, so for some it will be no substitute at all.  It does, however, provide so much entertainment and learning value of its own that for other people, it may be as good as or better than cable -- especially since using it is free!  And because you can get so many cable shows on it anyway -- sometimes only episodes, but sometimes a season at a time.  You don't need Prime to enjoy it, either..As examples, the Smithsonian, A&E; and the History channel provide documentaries and some of their usual series shows; PBS does the same with many of their excellent series (Frontline, Nature, etc.) and daily updates the PBS News Hour, the best news hour on the air; there's Showtime, Netflix,, Bloomberg TV, and music, movie, cooking, kids, and educational channels with varying levels of materials from first grade through college.  Then there are apps that provide dozens of channels covering everything from yoga and exercise to comedy,dog,cat, science, business, dance, MMA, kids, gamer, and fashion channels.  There's youtube, Twitch, and the ability to see and hear all your purchased movies and music content that you have stored in the cloud.  Amazon's cloud, anyway.  There is even an endless variety of free and cheap screensavers and relaxing background channels to have on when you just want a little relaxing scenery and music.  Plus, of course, there's Prime if you want it.Warning:  Some channels, and apps that let you play channels, come with commercials.  Most of the ones I've tried, though, do not.  Your mileage my vary.And there are games, but this is not much of a gaming device.  Even the games recommended for the Fire TV Stick turn almost always turn out to have the warning that they're not compatible.  The remote, for one thing, is just too simple for most games.  Only the very simplest games with the very simplest controls will either work or be any fun to play.  This stick won't replace an X-Box or PS3/4 or even a full Amazon Fire TV box.  But it is very strong at what it does do right.Moving the Stick from one TV to another is easy; all you need is an HDMI outlet.  That means the Stick won't work on some old TV's.  It is recommended that you let the unit draw power from its own separate regular power plug, included in the box.  And it can be stuck in any HDMI outlet because the remote doesn't need line-of-sight to activate.So then, the Fire TV Stick is for some a substitute and for some a supplement.  If you're a fan of shows like Dancing with the Stars that you can't get on the stick (at least not for now!), then this device will just be a supplement.  But what a great and inexpensive supplement it is!  For me, it's good enough to be a substitute for cable because it lets me see almost all the shows I like from providers I'm already familiar with.  Unless I decide to devote my entire life to watching TV, that's more than enough already.  And it's free.  Plus ... it's a lot easier way to see Prime on your TV than hooking up your laptop.It's easy enough to use to give to someone of any age, and after a few downloads to update the device on initial installation and register the stick, you'll have one heck of an easy to use, portable entertainment option that you won't have to spend a penny on again and that may make you consider dumping your cable bill entirely.
just got this. easy to connect, set up. a bit cranky with my 5G network, but works fine on the 2.4G one. works well. my roku box ALWAYS takes a full minute to 'unblur' netflix, the fire tv stick is in focus instantly.the menu is a bit busy, but sleeker, more modern than the roku menu. and i will be happy to never see the roku 1992 animation when i reboot that device (which i needed to do regularly).so far extremely stable (but it's only day 2). plex was easy to setup ($5. thru amazon, i think it was free on the roku). wish i could customize the menu...maybe later? i don't need games, music. would like it simpler...looking forward to the ios app, but really, pretty easy to use. and a great price! def worthwhile.EDIT: couple of days later....sometimes, when we power on the tv, the stick has lost it's network connection. today, had to unplug then replug the AC to get it back. would like to be able to disable sleep, so it's always on (and our tv is off). this works with the roku box, but not the fire tv (yet). might help that issue...EDIT2: so, plex has issues, and all the movies i've converted (with handbrake) to store on my computer do NOT play in surround thru the fire stick (this works with my roku box). this is a HUGE disappointment, and am hoping amazon fixes this. thought this would replace my roku, but glad i kept it. ugh!EDIT3: june 30, 2015...and no fix for the plex surround issue. so am replacing the stick with a roku box...which does not have this problem.for most people, the fire stick should be sufficient, and...it's great at what it does well. so it goes...
On October 27th I ordered the Fire TV stick, and received my email confirming this order, and an estimated delivery date of December 10, 2014.  I reviewed my orders today, December 8, 2014 as I had not yet received a shipment notification, and I absolutely could not find this item in my order history.  I then reviewed my emails, found my email confirmation that I had in fact ordered this item, and the order number.  I typed the order number in on Amazon.com and nothing came up.  However when i ran a "rder history report" the Fire TV stick was in there.  So I chatted with amazon on-line ... I will not be receiving my Fire stick as they cancelled the order-2 DAYS after I placed the order, because they were out of stock.  So frustraing, do not order until it gives a close delivery date.This is how our conversation went..You are now connected to Levi from Amazon.comMe:Hello, on 10/27/14 I ordered a Fire TV stick, which is listed in my devices, and it is in my email as "order received" and estimated delivery of December 10, 2014, however, when I go into my amazon order history i cannot find the order for my Fire stick. The order number is 10/27/2014 XXXXXXXX Fire TV Stick Electronics . When i download an order report the purchase quantity says "zero". This is an item we are expecting to receive and we would like to resolve this issue.Levi:Hello E, my name is Levi.Me:helloLevi:I'm sorry you're having problem with the order that you received. No worries, I'd be happy to look into this and see what I can do to help.Me:Thank you. Just to be clear, the issue is that we have not received our order.Levi:I'm sorry to keep you waiting. Our system is running slow right now but we're doing our best to resolve your issue. Please bear with me.Me:no problemLevi:Thank you.I'm sorry to keep you waiting.Me:okLevi:Can you verify to me the order number for the Fire TV Stick, please?Me:XXXXXXXXXLevi:Upon thoroughly checking, the Fire TV Stick on this order was cancelled.Me:why?and WHEN was it cancelled?Levi:Upon checking, the Fire TV was cancelled because it is Temporarily out of stock.Me:I do not understand how this justify's a cancellation of an order, since this product is still available to purchase on amazon.comhello?Levi:It was cancelled on October 29, 2014.Me:that was 2 days after I placed the order. I want to know WHY my order was cancelled. The delivery estimate wasn't until December 10th and this product is STILL available for purchase on amazon . Therefore is clearly is not out of stockLevi:I'm sorry, I don't have the option to the reason why it was temporary out of stock.No worries and rest assured that I will forward your concern to our appropriate department so that they can investigate regarding this matter.Me:i want to know why my order was cancelled if this product is continuously for sale on amazon. it is an amazon device and has been for sale for months.Thank you for forwarding this because we would like the Fire TV stick we ordered, and for the price we ordered it for on October 27, 2014. We are very disappointed in how amazon handled this matter. We were not even aware it was cancelled. I checked my account around Thanksgiving and it was still visible on there telling me there was a December shipping date. And according to you my order had long since been cancelled, with no notification to me.Levi:When an item is listed as "Temporarily out of stock. Order now and we'll deliver when available," this means the item is currently out of stock and we’re not sure when we’ll get more of this item.You're welcome, E.Me:I understand that Levi. So are you telling me that between October 27th 2014 and December 8, 2014, no more of these have come into stock? then why is it still for sale on amazon?will you please transfer me to your managerwhat number may i call to speak to someone about this issue?Levi:Rest assured that our appropriate department will surely look into this and will investigate with your concern.Me:please tell me the telephone number i may call to speak to someone.Levi:You can contact as by phone. Amazon contact number: 1-866-216-1072Me:thank you. and how will i hear of the resolution of my issue? will a fire stick be sent to me?Levi:You can reach Fire TV Customer Support by phone directly and toll free from many countries by clicking the Contact Us option on the support pages:Amazon Fire TV: https://www.amazon.com/firetvsupportFire TV Stick: https://www.amazon.com/firetvsticksuppo...(See full link)You're welcome.Me:and you are sending my issue to someone who will resolve this matter appropriately?Levi:Yes, you're right.Me:please let me know to whom you will be sending this matter to. I would like to have this for my records. PLease provide me with the department information, the employee identification number, as well as their titleLevi:For security for purposes we are not allowed to give this information.Don't worry and rest assured that our Fire TV Stick representative will speak to you.Fire TV Stick: https://www.amazon.com/firetvsticksuppo...(See full link)Me:when? this was suppose to be a christmas present and now I am just getting the run aroundLevi:Your question will be best handled by Fire TV Customer Support.
The stick is a reasonably capable device, it has more memory than most competition and more processing power too. The price of the power is that there is no way to power the stick off of the HDMI port and an external power supply is needed. The USB cable shipped with the stick is annoyingly shorter than most TV power cables. One may need to move stuff about or to buy a longer USB cable to power up the stick. Otherwise, the hardware is quite sound.The software is bad. The UI looks like it's been designed by the engineering team - there's a list of pages on the left and content pages on the right. Navigation is not intuitive at all, clicking up and down controller buttons changes almost the entire screen; each content page shows only a few oversized tiles forcing one to scroll left and right a lot looking for anything interesting to watch. Search is Ok, it finds what I look for, but more often than not I don't know what that will be and I just want to browse what's there. Netflix had figured out browsing a long time ago, Amazon should have copied what Netflix has.Then, the stick runs apps. Some are games, some are video players. Everything that is not Amazon is an app. I haven't yet found a way to pin an app to the top of the home screen. There is a section of "things you did recently" at the top of the menu, but it is just too volatile to be useful. I understand that helping out Netflix is not of the highest priority for Amazon, but having to scroll down a lot and then some to the right to launch a very popular app is just wrong. Roku has figured out the layout of the home screen a long time ago. Amazon should have copied Roku.The most annoying feature so far is "parental controls". The way it is done has no properties of parental controls whatsoever; instead, it is a PIN that locks everything. Seriously. Purchasing is not separated from viewing, free Prime videos are locked so when a kid wants to watch Spongebob I have to go downstairs and enter the flippin' PIN. I haven't yet figured out whether the PIN unlocks a single video, or it expires after some time, but I've had to run downstairs far too many times.I am fine with a PIN locking purchases and viewing of rated contents, but the blanket locking of everything does not fit any definition of "parental controls". I may be insane, but to me parental controls are viewing restrictions based on time and ratings, and reporting; Amazon doesn't have either.Also, kids rarely search, they browse. Browsing's bad. Netflix gives you a screen full of tiles that you may scroll up and down left and right.There is also an issue with the service in general. Netflix splits an account between users and every Netflix app asks "who's watching" before it spits out recommendations. Amazon annoyingly doesn't do anything like that. Everybody gets everything, all recommendations get mixed together.Playback is OK. Sometimes there are compression or frame loss artifacts here and there, but most of the time videos play nicely. Pausing, resuming, rewinding, etc. - all work just as they're supposed to.Except for having to supply external power, all my issues with the stick are in the software. Hopefully in time Amazon will figure them out. Most likely, by that time I'll have to buy a new device. For now I'll switch back to Roku, even though mine is prone to overheating.
The Fire TV Stick holds a ridiculous amount of potential for what came out to a very inexpensive price (promo period). However, it feels incomplete and recommending the item weighs heavily on your intended use for it.Pros:1. Hugely inexpensive for the included specs, well built hardware and excellent packaging.2. As a consumption device for all things Amazon it's fantastic, it works well and is organized nicely for the use of the Amazon Prime features we all know and like. Best interface for Amazon Prime yet.3. Netflix and YouTube work well as expected.4. The mobile phone controller app works well5. Supports "casting" from certain applications6. Supports Miracast7. ADB support, you can sideload (though it'll be tucked away in the Application Manager)8. Games runCons:1. Make no mistake, this is an Amazon Prime device. The interface will remind you of this constantly, as it is very unintuitive for the use of other applications.2. Hulu is tremendously sluggish, and Plex seems to have a 50/50 functional/not functional success rate on it.3. The applications crash on a semi-regular basis.4. I have purchased a few of these for friends and family, and unfortunately my initial one seems to run into regular Wifi connectivity issues (Wifi tends to just disappear completely on it for long periods of time), I'm hoping this won't be the case for other ones I've distributed.5. The device constantly stops responding after entering my PIN to unlock it from Family/Kid mode for Settings modifications.6. It's simply a little too buggy/glitch-ridden for primetime at this point.7. Games don't run well.At the discounted rate it was introduced, you can't really go wrong with this device. However, I feel at full price, you're entirely too close to much better options.Bottomline: If you want a device to consume Amazon Prime content, this is a good one to get. If you want a device for a slew of viewing apps, then at full price, this is too close in range for other, better devices. Good at a discount, only passable at MSRP.
Amazon’s FireTV Stick serves up a host of benefits for those who invest in its closed-off universe.Roku may have blazed the trail for streaming HDMI sticks, but when Amazon unleashed its Fire TV Stick to an overwhelmingly receptive customer base earlier this year, the new device category made a quantum leap forward, transforming from a novelty into a powerful industry force in a matter of hours.One of the many things that the Fire TV Stick does not lack is competitors. The two most obvious are the Roku Streaming Stick and the Chromecast. If your primary concern is having the most sources of content at your disposal, then Roku is the clear winner. It's the only one of the three with access to both Google Play's library of video and Amazon's. And that's in addition to other major players, like Hulu, Netflix, Watch ESPN, HBO Go and Spotify, plus the countless independent niche channels like horror film-specific Screambox or the aptly named Kung-Fu Theater. The only serious mark against it is price, which, at $50, is notably more expensive than either the Chromecast or Fire TV Stick.Google's offering is certainly the simplest of the three. And, whether that's a benefit or a hindrance depends on your perspective. There's no remote and no menu to navigate. Instead, you have to send content directly from your phone to your TV. The other devices support this to varying degrees, but it's the heart and soul of the Chromecast. This feature isn't limited to your Netflix or Hulu app, however. It also supports simple games, even multiplayer ones, like Wheel of Fortune and Big Web Quiz. Also, you can mirror the screen on your Android phone or tablet, or even a tab from the Chrome browser. Plus, at $35, it's the cheapest of the bunch.------------------PROS------------------- Very Fast- Huge selection of quality content front and center (for Amazon Prime subscribers, at least)- Chromecast-like beaming of Netflix and YouTube from phones and tablets works well- Very inexpensive------------------CONS------------------- Overlap in Amazon Prime video sections makes other content harder to find- An abundance of bugs indicates this device was rushed to market- Screen mirroring is clunky to set up and prone to failure
It's a very cheap alternative to a set-top box. I picked up one of these from Best Buy for $25 and a second one from Ebay since they sold out everywhere. It's great if you just want to watch Prime Videos or Netflix.I side-loaded XBMC onto mine and it's a bit under powered for that use. It will take a solid 5 minutes to load up videos and get everything going on XBMC. If you wanted your libraries to update when XBMC starts up, forget about it. The stick will freeze up and become unusable for a time. I've had to force close the app and restart it multiple times. Rooting the stick to only run XBMC would likely free up more resources and make the experience better, however it's nice to the Amazon interface for Prime/Netflix/etc. content.After a couple weeks of very light use, the remote control that came with the stick also stopped fully functioning. The circular clicker has up/right/down/left directional navigation. Unfortunately Amazon's interface doesn't have circular navigation, meaning when it gets to the end of a menu, you can't continue to go down or right and be sent back to the beginning.This is particularly bad when the "Up" button stopped working on my remote. I am unable to return to other menus without restarting the stick and can only go "Down" / "Left" / "Right".Unfortunately they as of yet also do not have an iOS app.Amazon agreed to replace my remote for free -- not surprised because it feels like it costs about $1 to manufacture.The Amazon operating system also has some annoying software/hardware bugs:Button presses aren't always registered by the systemStick can get stuck in a mode where 2.4Ghz wireless will either not connect or "Connect with Issues" and render the stick useless. I had to rename my 5Ghz and 2.4Ghz wireless networks differently so that I could connect without issue to the 5Ghz wifi.Prime music playlists don't always sync up properlyVerdict: 3/5 stars. If they can make the hardware more reliable and fix the software issues this is a solid platform for a low-cost entry to turn any TV into a Smart TV.
1 star -8 Dec 2015, afternoonhttp://www.amazon.com/forum/kindle/ref=cm_cd_fp_ef_tft_tp?_encoding=UTF8&cdForum;=Fx1D7SY3BVSESG&cdThread;=Tx2CDOG0K31UBSBThis thing is GARBAGE.  Guess this is what I get for being an early adopter.  Nice in theory, executed poorly.  I can't believe they shipped these out.  It will not stay on the network, disrupts my wireless network, then forgets how to connect to my wireless network.  The remote will sometimes stop responding (or the unit stops responding to the remote), and then it stacks up all the "commands" the remote was issued and executes them once it does start responding.You will likely be forced to use the HDMI extension, if you don't it gets even worse. I have an LG 46" LED TV and without the extension, my network basically blew up and puked on itself because of the Stick.  I think it should be called Amazon Fire STUCK.Update - 2 Stars, 8 Dec 2015, 930pm: called tech support.  Was transferred to a second tech person.  I could barely understand anything they said.  It wasn't the light accent they had, but the really poor audio quality.  I tried to ask them to speak up and clearly but I always got a "Uh huh, okay" to that request.  She had me move the device from my port 4 on the TV to port 2 and remove the extender cable.  I still didn't have an internet connection (and I had powered it off at least three times).  Next, she had me go into Settings, System and check for a software update.  Checking for software update is not there, I told her this and she sounded confused - obviously reading from a script.  It was under settings-->system--> about.  I had no updates available and told her this. I told her the "last checked" was todays date.  She said "well, I guess that solved our problem".  Wait...what? No, I told her the last update date was Nov 10 and would be happy to read her my version number. This fell on deaf ears.  The unit did start to work though.  I don't have an answer as to what was going on or why it wasn't working for the last two days.  She did have me press the back+right movement button (She didn't tell me if it was supposed to be at the same time or one after another even after asking).  I pressed them at the same time and held it.  I'll call it the Amazon Two Finger Salute because after doing that, it started to work.My ping times are not super, but definitely not as bad as they were when I first started this out.  I will continue to update as I use the device.
I've had this for a few days and It is pretty great. It came pre-registered to my account (as Amazon products do) so that made set up easy and the interface is very user friendly.  As mentioned on the product page it also supports streaming services like Netflix and Hulu which is nice. It also supports Flixster so I can enjoy my UltraViolet library but Flixster took 2 days to actually work (continual server error, I blame Flixster).  I do wish it had Vudu, it is a much better UV experience, maybe in an update. It also supports Plex which is convenient, and it plays some basic games (although after testing it I pretty much got it out of my system). It does support music services but I don't like my TV speaker setup that much, I guess it's nice to have though. I haven't tried the display mirroring, no MiraCast devices to try.I do have an Apple TV which is my favorite, it's very easy to use but no native Amazon video app. I can stream my Prime videos from my phone but it's not ideal. I also have a ChromeCast since they are cheap, it's pretty decent and also easy to use but I don't like being tied to my phone/tablet while I watch videos; the Fire TV Stick will be replacing that.  I bought my sister a Roku 3 a few months ago and that is pretty awesome, it supports everything except Apple and costs the same as an Apple TV.I was lucky enough to get the Fire TV Stick for $20 and it is totally worth the price. For the regular $40 I would probably get a Roku Stick ($40 at the time of this review) since it has a native Amazon video app as well as Netflix, Hulu, and Vudu. For me it is definitely a better choice than the ChromeCast since it has a dedicated remote. Bottom line, I like it. I wish you could do half stars, 4.5 is really what I'd go with.**19 December Update**I wanted to mention that since reviewing this product I picked up an HP Stream 8 and tried out the MiraCast function, I could not get it to work. Maybe an update is required for one or the other. This doesn't impact my review for the Fire TV Stick, still really like it and I am very happy with the purchase. If I can get MiraCast sorted out then it will just be that much better.I also mentioned that I would probably go for a Roku Stick due to pricing, but I take it back. The Fire TV Stick is so much faster than the Roku Stick! The only thing I feel I'm missing from the Rokuverse is Vudu, but most of my Vudu library is mirrored in Flixster anyway thanks to UV. I have a few Vudu-only movies but I'll make due, and I still have my Apple TV for the Disney Movies Anywhere compatibility.
I've had a Roku and a smart BluRay player, both really easy to set up and use, but I've been looking for something that doesn't take up a lot of space so I chose the Fire Stick, mainly because of the introductory offer of a discounted $19.99. It comes in a very small black box and has everything you need to connect it to your tv.Set up, for me, was tricky. I have DSL service so, on a good day, get about 7mbps, not great, but better than my old 2.29 mbps from another provider. The Fire Stick, right off the bat, kept giving me error messages that the internet either wasn't connected or was too slow and kept shutting down during the inital connection and download of an upgrade. After about a half an hour waiting for the download to install, the Fire Stick let me into the service.Trying to log in and set up my various accounts on all the services I use, frustrating. Then I tried to watch a show. I kept getting error messages about the slow internet connection and got really frustrated, so went back to watching those services on my desktop. I really wanted to love "the stick" (eww, that sounds a bit creepy), but was so frustrated I decided to give it a rest.Well, I tried again tonight and, guess what? OK I'll tell you, it worked great. No error messages, picture was incredible, sound fine, Netflix and HULU loaded and played as they should and an Amazon Prime show played flawlessly.I'm giving it 4 stars because, since I have no problems with my internet connection while watching shows on my Fire HDX I expected the same quality of connection in the Fire Stick. Also I was hoping that Acorn TV (British television) might be in the app line up and isn'tI did try the Fire TV remote app for android and it works pretty good. Haven't tried the voice search option yet, but do like the idea of having a remote always as near as my phone.
For the price, this is an exceptional device, but there are several problems. Let's start with the good:1. You can sideload virtually any app you want -- use a tool to download whatever APK you want (non-premium apps only, I believe) off the google play store and use ADB to install it to the Fire TV Stick. That includes XBMC, which works very well.2. Its fas and plays everything you throw at it.3. The remote works without line of site.4. It integrates with Prime instant video.Downsides:1. The interface is not intuitive.2. Its hard to figure out how to find apps from the Amazon App Store. In fact, its never clear that you're searching the AppStore. I wish there was a simple icon named "App Store" that made it clear that that's where you were.3. Its impossible to use many apps, including some that are officially listed as compatible with this device on the Amazon App Store because movement and selection of "buttons" using the remote is not easy. I can't tell what option or button I've selected -- its a guessing game, and that sucks.4. The onscreen keyboard stinks. Often it won't go away even after completing text entry and clicking next.5. Sideloaded apps don't show up in the installed app list -- you have to go through a kludgy process in the settings menu to get to them. That sucks. Totally sucks.6. No Google Play store. Why am I forced to rebuy apps that I already own on Google Play on the Amazon App Store? It makes no sense to me. What is Amazon afraid of? The number of users installing the Google Play store will be few and far between.7. No out of the box Airplay support. Now that would be killer.8. Miracast isn't supported by all Android devices.9. Difficult to add bluetooth accessories (mouse, keyboard). Have to install a settings app to enable that.
As a prime member, we were offered the Firestick at the introductory price of $19 so for that, I couldn't say no since I've been thinking about getting something like this for quite a while now but price always kept me from doing so.  Let me preface this review by saying I've been a pc/tech user for many many years and I'm fairly knowledgeable about such things; however, I've NEVER owned an internet streaming device for the television such as roku, chromecast, etc.  This is my first experience with something like this but set up was extremely simple. I just plugged it into the tv's hdmi port and then connected that to the wall outlet that came with the stick.  It loaded up and downloaded the new software.  At first, since I hadn't seen such a remote control before, I wasn't sure where the up/down, enter buttons were located but that took only a couple of seconds of experimenting so that wasn't a big deal but for novices, it'd be good to include that information in the instructions that come with the stick- not just in the introductory video you watch after setting the stick up.  I just had to find my wifi network and put my password in which using a remote control to do was a little time consuming since I have a complex password, as everyone should who uses a router but that took only a minute or two at the most.  Then I thought I'd need my password for my cable company in order to view things like the watchespn app, since I'm an avid German soccer fan, I like to watch the Champions League and Pokal games that aren't aired on the tv thanks to stupid things like poker or car racing.  At any rate, that wasn't even necessary; the app already had that information and the video quality was fantastic.  I haven't used the prime membership to view movies on it yet so I can't comment there but I'll most likely update this review after a couple of weeks or so.  One thing I do not like though is even when you aren't using the stick to view anything but it's still plugged into your tv set, it'll still use the wifi signal.  Now, I can't tell you how much bandwidth that eats up when it's basically in "idle" - which is what I refer to it when not using the stick to watch a movie or anything, however if you have a bandwidth cap, which I don't think too many people don't anymore, I can't tell you how much bandwidth it uses up like that.  I contacted Amazon customer support and they gave me 2 ways to turn off the wi-fi signal when not using the stick.  You can go into settings and tell it to "forget the network"- this will require you to type in the password each time you turn the stick's wi-fi back on or you can unplug the power source to the stick. This is the simplest of the 2 options but I find it's a pain to have to plug the cable back into the stick anytime you wish to use it and don't want to have it using up whatever amount of bandwidth it uses while in "idle". Unlike with the Kindle tablet or an apple device, you can't just turn off the wi-fi and back on again.  I recommended to them to please include that feature in the next update if possible because it'd be the simplest way to go about it.  I work from  home so I'm paranoid about how much bandwidth gets used each month and I'd hate to think the stick eats up quite a bit when you're not even using it to watch a movie, show or whatever else but at the same time, the 2 options to turn the signal off each have their drawbacks as well.  As I stated earlier, this is my first internet streaming device so I can't tell you if the same holds true for the Firetv box, Roku boxes, sticks or any of the other devices out there for streaming tv.  At any rate, outside of that issue, I like the Firestick so far and will amend this review once I've used it for a longer time frame.  At $19 (the pre-order price) I'm finding it a cool feature and helps to have something to watch when the 300+ tv channels that we have are all airing garbage or when there's a game on you can't get on the tv's sports channels but is available on watchespn app.
I bought the Fire TV Stick during the two day sale.  I got my order this week and got everything set up. The set up was difficult only because of my slow internet connection in rural America.  The stick kept updating the software and had a few failed attempts due to my less than 3MB connection.  In rural America that is the fastest connection we can get and it is usually around the 1.5 mark than ever near the 3 mark.  It finally got done doing several updates, and I was off and running.  I tapped into my Netflix account and have been watching it ever since.  The streaming hasn't froze or buffered once, as my Roku does occasionally with Netflix and frequently with Acorn TV.  I can't get Acorn TV (British TV) on my Fire Stick, so I will certainly still use my Roku.  I now also have a back up option for when one of them is slower than the other, which can be frequent in rural America.  Prior to this, the only TV options we have are satellite TV, so these options are far better for me, my budget, and my personal TV viewing style.  I am finally able to have options when it comes to viewing TV.  Prior to satellite, we had to use antenna, which meant 3 channels while growing up that finally expanded to 8 by the time I left for college, which was the first time I ever had cable TV.  Now if I can get a faster internet connection for my TV pleasure.Now for the technical part of the review.  I'm no expert, nor unable to follow directions and use a bit of my computer skills to trouble shoot the set up issues, all my DSL connection.  I plugged the Fire Stick into my TV and the stick into the power cube, which is nice and small but larger than an appliance (my Keurig plug or my large toaster/convection oven).  The size of the device is very small compared to the Roku box, which is much smaller than my old Direct TV box.  This device would be perfect for  children to watch their constant cartoons and educational channels, plus mom and dad to get most all of their choice videos.  I plugged the stick in and connected it to my network and it began attempting the downloads until it finally finished due to my slow connections.  It automatically connected to my Amazon account, that made it super easy, and then I downloaded the TV app for Netflix, which didn't take too long, and then I entered my Netflix account info and was up and running.  The device is an easy solution to many people's TV dilemma.  A down side is the limited apps for channels.  Other than that, the Fire Stick is a great device for those that like watching a bit of TV to unwind in the evenings and weekends.  If you are looking for serious technology, then you had better stick to your cable and satellite.  The cost is by all means below the cost of what you get for your small price tag.
I have a Chromecast dongle and saw the Fire TV Stick was on sale for $19 so I bought it just to check it out.  The Fire TV stick is easy to install if you have a strong wireless signal (Fire Stick wouldn't work on a Samsung Smart TV already wirelessly connected to the internet which was too far from my router for Fire Stick) and easy to use but does less for me than my Chromecast.  Fire Stick adds a physical remote, as well as phone and computer control apps like Chromecast, which is easier to use as the remote doesn't go into standby or require you to deal with lock screens when you want to make quick fast forward, rewind or pause.  Fire TV also adds Amazon Prime video which is of no value to me as all of the offerings of old movies or TV programs I saw years ago if I was interested and very few offerings are current and free.  I already have Comcast Xfinity On Demand, HBO GO and more for a better selection of free current or purchase offerings.  With Chromecast I can easily cast video or pictures with or without uploading to the cloud from either my android phone app or Chrome browser on my laptop.  Not so with Amazon.  I also have many digital movies so I tried uploading one to Amazon's cloud servers and was unable to do so because Amazon web servers don't allow you to upload files larger than 2GB.  When I found that I could upload larger video files to Amazon from a desktop app I did so but when I went to play a movie for friends and family I was notified that Fire Stick will not play videos longer than 20 minutes!  On Chromecast it is also very easy to use apps for premium channels I subscribe to on Comcast like HBOGO (not available on Fire Stick), Showtime Anytime and others just by signing in once to my Comcast Xfinity account on Chromecast without having to sign in for each channel.  Currently I am not using Netflix, Hulu, or the like which are available on both devices.  Bottom line, if Fire Stick supports the content you desire like old movies and TV or simple games which mostly require the purchase of an additional controller, the Fire Stick remote is an advantage over Chromecast but personally I haven't figured out what I would use Fire Stick for as it does less for me than my Chromecast.  Some reviewers say the Roku 3 may be a more complete offering than either the Chromecast of Fire Stick but I haven't tried it yet.
things i like.when watching TV seasons it will automatically play the next episode.flappy birds.the remote is quite nice... better than my roku remote.pressing and holding next will smoothly flip through tv and movie listings (my roku will not do that)the netflix app on the fire tv stick is easier to navigate for me.things i dont likenetwork frequently drops off and either rebuffers or displays a black screen that says my network disconnected... i can say with a great amount of certainty that it is the fire tv stick's issue and not my network because my chromecast and roku has never done this. and my download speeds average 50Mbps. this issue also occured while watching netflix youtube and amazon videos.the fire tv stick needs a power source which is delivered via a microusb port and comes with a little usb brick to plug into the wall. i first plugged the usb cable into the television (which works for the chromecast). the fire tv stick did turn on but displayed a message saying that the power source is not recognized and that the network connection may suffer because of this. so i used the brick and it displayed the same message... weird.the youtube app bugs out when you press and hold the left or right button to scroll through videos. it will pause and then skip 5 or 6 videos and then lagg and catch up. i found myself having to be very careful to not click left or right too quickly as well because this will cause the same issue.the nice thing about the netflix app is then when you browse titles it will show a large picture on top with a description. the thing i dont like is if you click left or right to browse quickly the large display on top lags terribly and takes a while to catch up.my fire tv stick experience was extremely buggy. it was fun for about 45 minutes because it was new and interesting but that novelty has worn off and i am back to using my roku.
I just got this the other day and started playing with it now.  For what its designed to do (media player on your TV), I found it to be very good.  Netflix plays great over 5G wifi router (lets face it, amazon prime still isnt close to the netflix library).  That said, a few things I found worthy of docking a star.#1 You cant display mirror with windows 8.1, even though both devices are said to be miracast enabled and the firestick is expressly stated to have this feature.#2 (obviously) you cant use the firestick (from the limited testing Ive done) without an amazon account.  Sure, I got an amazon prime membership, but my family where this firestick is going doesnt have an account so its not just a simple plug and play (you have to sign up for a new account, but its not like the end of the world).#3 Cant be sure if my (3) tvs are faulty or if the firestick just likes to complain about the USB port power, but seems I have to use the included AC adapter to power this thing rather than my TVs.#4 No audio out, which isnt a big deal as nearly every HDMI TV has speakers, but you cant connect this for example, to an HDMI computer monitor and expect to route the sound somewhere else (yes, I know this is designed for TVs so I shouldnt be complaining, so this is more of a duh, well thats sorta obvious moment you might have after the fact).#5 Good luck trying to enter a complex password for your wifi on this thing.  Not the end of the world, but I wish I could mount this thing via USB to my laptop and just edit a text file for the wifi password.  Maybe it is possible...Anyways, all in all, its a terrific little device for $20, still a terrific device at $40, and can easily turn your non-smart TV into a pretty nice streaming media receiver.  I cant complain for the price paid and if you happen to be the 99% of the target audience who will use this in their own home, its an unbelievable value for less than snacks at a movie theatre.  But, if you are like me and like to tinker around with stuff and/or will be gifting this, just make sure you are aware of the tiny limitations I state above.Also, whats really creepy (or cool, dunno yet), is as soon as you connect to the wifi at home, it automatically knew my amazon account and associated to it...
The Fire Stick works better than the Fire TV in my opinion. I use an Apple TV for our main living room tv and a Chromecast for the one in the bedroom. I bought this to replace the Chromecast because my wife was sick of having to use her phone to sling shows to the tv. I will say that I am highly biased to Apple products so keep that in mind as your read.DESIGN:The stick is designed well. What I really liked was the location of the power input on the stick. Having it on the side of the device allows you to plug it into a perpendicular HDMI port against a wall without smashing the cord (one of the Chromecast's shortcomings). The stick is amazing small for how much hardware they put inside.  The interface is easy to navigate and looks clean. I really like the ability to set a screen saver from photos that you have saved on Amazon - similar to Apple TV.REMOTE:The remote definitely feels cheaper than the Voice remote, but I don't consider it to be flimsy. They had to save money somewhere, so I totally understand the design. It navigates the menus easily and doesn't require line of sight (a very nice feature that I wish the Apple TV had).PERFORMANCE:  Amazon Instant Video content loaded within .5 - 2 seconds of pushing play. Netflix, Hulu, and Youtube videos load slightly faster than the chrome cast. Navigation through the menus and apps is remarkably smooth, not as smooth as the Apple TV, but this device is 1/5 of the size.ANNOYANCES:  First, the introduction video that you are forced to watch - no clicking through it or fast forwarding - is pathetically stupid and insults the intelligence of anyone who has ever used a smart tv in the past 5 years.This is a very poor decision on behalf of the software design team. I watched something similar to it when I tried the Fire TV six months ago, and am shocked that they doubled down on it. If you feel the need to spend 3 minutes explaining your content streamer, you've done something wrong in designing the interface.  Secondly, I find it annoying that you can't view content outside of the apps of Netflix, Hulu, etc. You have to open the apps in order to view watch lists that aren't Amazon Instant Video. There is no need to shelter the Amazon ecosystem, because that is still the only way to purchase content that isn't available anywhere else.CONCLUSION:  The Fire Stick is THE streaming device to get this holiday season. It is better than the Chromecast in nearly every way and more affordable than Roku devices (the $49 Roku Streaming stick is NOT worth the money). For anyone who isn't invested in the Apple ecosystem this would be my top recommendation for content streaming.
What a complete piece of trash......literally dozens of reboots...When watching netflix, when listening to pandora, when watching prime...just f'n awful!I paid 20 bucks for this, 19 dollars too much. Seriously when it works it's fine...not close to as workable as Roku, but fine.  However,  it never works. I just got the thing and already it's on the fritz. Good work Amazon. I will never buy another Amazon hardware product again. SAVE YOUR MONEY!!!!!!**Edit** Alright its been over a month with this thing and..I like it. The random rebooting and glitches seem to have gone away..mostly. Bizarre no? The channel selection isn't  nearly as robust as a Roku, but you have the big ones. What I'm really sweet on is the openness of the Fire TV stick. For example, I've sideloaded a couple of video game emulators, now I'm firing up the old Super Nintendo for some retro fun. Pairing a Bluetooth controller was a nightmare. I tried with a PS4 controller after reading it was compatible, no luck. I bought the Nyko gamepad for the fire..no luck. I had to side load android settings, finally I got the controller to pair. I know most people don't want this for games, but just thought id mention it. The actually device is snappy and does what it intended to. Sure its finicky at times, sure I wanted to throw it at the wall when I first got it, but its doing pretty well now. The ability to have Netflix, Prime, and Hulu in the form of a pocketable stick is nice. However, its that ability to side load android apps that really has me pleased. Hell I threw on XMBC on there and have a broader selection of content than any streaming device out there.Do I recommend it?... That's tricky. Out of the box, the Roku stick has more content available, its specs aren't as good but there are more channels, and  have yet to run into an unstable Roku. Fire is slightly cheaper, but is it worth saving a few dollars? Well, that depends.If you're the kind of person who likes to tinker a little bit you'll be greatly rewarded with the Fire TV Stick. Do a search for side loading fire TV, and you'll see exactly what I mean. However, if you just want hassle free plug and play, you're probably better off going with Roku and its ridiculous content catalog (though a ton it is crap). For me I'd go with the Fire every time.  Oh and I haven't mentioned the Chromecast...yea because ...why would I?
Just got my Amazon Fire Stick today and just love it! Like some others, I bought it on the advance sale for Prime members at $19.00. It was schedule for delivery by 12/16, but got it 10 days earl (an automatic plus!) So quick and easy to set up and within 15min I was kicked back and watching Hulu+, Netflix and my Amazon Prime videos! Not much of a gamer, so I can't speak for the game apps.The only negative aspect is the lack of HBO Go, but that's due to restrictions my Time Warner (owner of HBO) But I also have theKindle Fire HD 8.9" and I have no problem with HBO Go on that, so no big loss.  I just upgraded my main TV to a 55" smart tv anddidn't want to pay for additional cable. Wasn't sure I'd keep my old 32in TV but now it's got new life in my bedroom and I get towatch TV in bed!!Update 14Aug2015 - Okay I loved this when I first got it but after several months, I'm so frustrated with some of the apps on the Fire TV Stick.Hulu and Netflix constantly freeze while I'm watching. I don't have this problem with my Kindle Fire HD (2013 version) or with my Samsung Smart TV or Samsung Blu ray. I've tried to delete and reload the apps and even restarted the Fire TV Stick but no change. If it happened across all my devices I would blame my internet but it's only with the Fire TV Stick.  No problem with Amazon videos or other apps, just Hulu and Netflix (surprise...I use these the most!) It may have been just because I got the pre-order and all the bugs weren't worked out. I wish I had sent it back right away, but not buying a new one. If I do, I'll probably switch to Roku
So far, the Fire TV Stick seems to have been a good deal for $20.  I'm not sure I'd feel that way if I'd paid $40 for it, though.  It has a few drawbacks that have me scratching my head.  First off, it doesn't play well with others.  The closer it is to my TV, the more feedback I get in the form of alarming beeps and boops and buzzing.  It isn't  constant, but it was often enough that I've plugged it into an HDMI hub and moved it off to the side which has cut the incidences significantly.Second is the user interface.  It's pretty, but like a lot of things created by Amazon, it seems badly thought out in certain areas.  Obviously the bulk of the thought went into presenting the Amazon's Prime and Cloud Drive offerings, and they're reasonably good, but when you get to the Apps section, you have to scroll through all of your apps to find the one you want.  There's no way to organize them.  Finding them originally isn't a problem, but once you've added them to your Stick, then it's a long slog through however many you have.  Some of the apps behave oddly too.  Amazon music goes on playing unless you hit the pause button.  Everything else stops cold when you back out of it.I think the app that bothers me most, though, is Spotify (I'm sure there are other ones that share this drawback, but I've not encountered them yet.)  In order to use Spotify on my TV, I have to run it on my phone.  Um... no, I'm not going to sit here and run down my phone battery to play music from my Spotify account on my TV.  I'll just listen on my computer.  Thanks very much.  What's up with that?  However it's nice to see that I can finally access my movies in Flixster with the Stick.The remote?  Well it's... okayish.  No volume control at all, which means it's not a stand-alone remote by any stretch.  That's fine, I suppose, but I hate juggling multiple remotes for one source.I know this sounds really complain-y for a four star review, but I really do like the Stick.  If I didn't like the options and the quality, this would have been a three-star review at most.  But access to my photos, my music, my Prime stuff for $20?  I'm content.
I just got this, so these are initial impressions.  Previously I was using my BD player to access my Prime content. This is a huge improvement over that.Installation is about as simple as can be.  Simply plug it into an HDMI port and plug in the power source.  It automatically goes through some checks and setup and all you have to do is put in your password to your wireless network.  A short video plays to introduce you to some features and use of the remote.  Of course, you have figured out the remote a little already because you had to enter a password with the remote.The stick is on all the time so when you want to use it, you do not have to wait for it to boot up like I had to do with the BD player.  Compared to using a BD player, access and start times are pretty much instantaneous.  You can rapidly scan through selections and when you hit play, it starts right up.  There is no spinning wheel while the video loads as there is with the BD player.Picture quality is excellent and seems to be full HD quality.  It is at least as good if not better than I receive from Dishnetwork.You can plug the stick into an HDMI port on your TV, but I plugged mine into an HDMI port on my surround sound receiver.  The stick provides full surround sound through my receiver so I can fully enjoy the videos along with great sound.The menu is a little different than my BD player provided but is simple and straight forward so you will adapt very quickly.My only complaint, and it is a minor one, is the search function.  The search is a general search which means it searches all content-TV, movies, Prime, rentals and purchasing content.  You do not know if your results are a free video or a paid offering until you click on it.  I would like a separate search within Prime for free movies and TV and a different search for rentals.  You can browse through the Prime content and sort by genres but it is more time consuming than a dedicated search.There is an app to use your smart phone as a voice controlled remote, but I have not tried it.  Seems like a gimmick to me and and time saved with voice control would be offset with the time take to load up the app.  Besides, everyone needs one more remote on your end table.Good product at a good price and I would buy it again.
**Updated Review on 12/8/14**I originally only gave the stick 2 stars.  I am still unable to get the Fire Stick to work in the East side of my 2nd floor but was able to use it on the West side.  I have moved the router and did all the trouble shooting but it just will NOT accept a signal through that wall - My Roku works fine on the East side though.  The reason I have updated my review is to be fair to those who are looking at this product.  I have two smart TV's one in the basement and one on the main floor - The fire stick is quicker and has a smoother transition from screen to screen (especially with photos on the cloud)than the smart TV's do.  If you have a clean line of site with minimal obstruction between your television and router I highly recommend buying the Fire Stick for $39 before buying a Smart TV for $800.  I was amazed at how quick the stick was and how much it can do.  I have uploaded over 3 thousand photos and videos to the Amazon Cloud service and can view them on any TV in the house, and on the TV with the stick the photos transition as smooth as if you were watch them on a DVD. I believe this is worth the money and quite cost effective... Just be aware of the limitations when it comes to homes of certain construction (thick concrete, ICF, Brick and so on).**Original Posted week of 12/1/14** I was excited to get this at just $19 on the pre-order special.  It finally got here yesterday.  I bought it for a bedroom on the second floor.  On the second floor all of our devices work on wi-fi.  I have a roku in the spare bedroom, we have used laptops, and the wifi works on our phones on the second floor.  I even have my desk top computer working off wifi on the second floor.  However the Fire Stick does NOT work on the second floor.  At first I thought it was a faulty stick so I took it to the main floor and put it into that TV and it works great there.  And I would love to use it but I have a smart TV in that living room so I don't need it there.  So I guess I will have to either use the fire stick as a very light paper weight in the office or move my wifi router up a floor.  I haven't decided which I will do yet.  So this was a big disappointment.  Even with the HDMI extender (which they say boost the signal) the stick would say connected but with problems.  If you do not have a smart TV or other streaming the fire stick would be a very cost effective device for you (even at the $39 price range) but if you already have something that works well for you then don't bother with this.
My new Fire TV Stick arrived a few days earlier than expected. Yeah!1. My first problem was getting the battery compartment open on the remote. VERY difficult. Although the plastic is sturdy, I certainly didn't want to break it. There is no helpful indentation or grooved surface to help you get a grip and slide that open. So that was a small frustration.2. Next, the instructions seem to 'imply' that the Stick will work 'if' close enough to a router. Well, my router is 3-feet from my TV HDMI ports and the stick would not work. So I plugged in the power source. To the credit of the designers, the entire device with power brick and cable is incredibly compact.3. Getting through the setup process took just ten minutes. The only problem I had was I entered the password wrong for my WiFi and had to repeat that step. The ten minutes includes me watching the 4-minute orientation video.4. To fully test operation, I attempted to launch a Prime movie and I got the Blue Screen of Death (BDOD) - "HDCP Unauthorised. Content Disabled." (Yes, British spelling!) After 20-minutes of trying remedies from the Internet, I used the help feature to call Amazon. My call went through without delay and a representative was able to help me solve the problem is under ten minutes.It turns out, the Stick does not like other HDMI items plugged in. I use all three HDMI ports on my TV. Temporarily unplugging my other devices solved the BSOD. Apparently Amazon thinks people will somehow steal digital content. Once the BSOD was cleared, I have everything plugged back in and fully operational and the error has not manifested again.5. Operation is very straight forward and simple. The variety of content is well worth the purchase price and I like that I can easily transport it to a friend's house, etc.The net cost for my Fire TV Stick is actually a savings because I have eliminated other paid services. My monthly entertainment costs are now LESS.UPDATE: JAN 1, 2015Downgraded from 5-stars to 1-starReason for downgrade... the BSOD - Blue Screen Of Death is back. The reason for the BSOD given by Amazon customer support is 'the device is detecting other devices plugged into other HDMI ports and it thinks you are trying to copy content.'INSANE and I'm calling it a lie.It is completely unreasonable in today's technology to think that the Fire Stick will be the only device plugged in. There are multiple HDMI ports for a reason! People have DVD, Blu-Ray, Game Consoles, Sound Systems, etc. plugged in. Does Amazon think we should unplug those items anytime we want to watch something through the Stick? Does anyone at product development understand how difficult this can be. Think of the possibilities: a disabled person whose existence is regulated to a wheelchair. How easy do you think it is for someone in that condition to manipulate even a 'small' 36" television without assistance.INSANEIn my humble opinion, anyone who is going to steal content is not going to be stopped by this insane programming restriction. Therefore, why inconvenience, frustrate, and destroy customer relations with thousands of other consumers by presenting the BSOD just because they happen to use multiple HDMI devices.Amazon, if you are listening, a device update needs to address this immediately -- if you value your customers. Do you?
I bought this stick under the $19 offer for prime members and I was hugely optimistic.I'm a huge purchaser of nearly every new electronic device that comes out so I figured I'd take the plunge on this. There is a huge lack of Amazon store related content. What you see advertised on the product listing is literally just about all there is available. The GUI is snappy and clear, but initially the streaming was horrendous. I had the stick set to 1080p 60hz hooked up to my 240hz LED tv and the picture would come through blurry, slightly distorted on whatever I play (flixster, prime content). I couldn't get a single device I own to miracast to it (iPad, HTC one, galaxy s4). Upon unplugging it after getting immensely frustrated, I also noticed the thing to be quite warm.Since it wouldn't work well on the tv I wanted to use it on, I set it up on a 720p Toshiba and adjusted the settings to 720p. I sidelpaded XBMC and began playing a bunch of content on that. After about a week of use, my sluggish stick seemed to pick up juice. So, I plugged it back into my tv that I wanted to use it on (1080p 240hz LG LED) and low and behold the thing works fine now. Don't know why it would take a week to shake off the dust, but it's up and operational. No WiFi issues as most are reporting. I use an Apple airport extreme (get yourselves a good WiFi hotspot people, yes the Apple ones are pricy, but the quality and performance outmatch netgear, linksys, and others) with no issues whatsoever.I still rank this at 4/5 stars due to lack of initial content. The fire tv box has much more for some reason. My hope is that there is a firmware update to improve the app store content and ability to customize the home screen a bit.
I used to use an XBOX 360 for my streaming, but I sold it.  I bought 2 of these sticks (one for a gift) when they were on first on sale for $20.  What a deal!!!  Even at $40 it's only $5 more than the competition's stick... and I'm pretty sure this one is much better.So far all I've used it for is NetFlix and Amazon Prime video.  I do intend to use it for some other stuff too... mostly music streaming.  Unfortunately, my music service of choice, Slacker, isn't available.  Hopefully it will be soon.  No intention of doing any gaming but I might check it out if I get bored.Let's break it down:Pros:Inexpensive and totally worth it even at $40Great quality in NetFlix and Amazon videoResponsive remote.  RF so it works without line of sight.  Good size.  Easy to use without looking.All necessary hardware included.Pretty nice packaging.  Not a blister pack.No hiccups or stuttering playing videoCons:You should probably use the included power adapter instead of trying to use a USB output on the TVFire stick was pre-setup with my account.  This is a problem because I plan on giving one as a gift.An update was immediately required.  This took about 10-15 minutes.No power button.  You have to navigate to the settings menu to put in sleep mode.Limited apps but most of what you expectNo wired network support (but you already knew that)The first time it starts up it asks you to connect to your wireless network, then it starts updating.  You cannot stop or skip.After the update completes, you may be re-requested to setup your wireless network, but by the time I noticed and got the remote, it managed to remember the settings.  Then you will have to adjust the overscan (which is set to no overscan by default, which is what you expect on HDMI).  Next the first time tutorial video starts.  This goes over the basics of how to use the device.  After that, you're off to the races.Using NetFlix for the first time requires downloading the app.  No big deal but it's not built in.  It looks like I can also move video from my phone to the Amazon Fire TV Stick and use it for streaming with my iPhone.  I haven't tested this feature yet.All I was looking for was a basic and easy to use way to watch Amazon Prime Video and NetFlix on my TV.  This thing delivers absolutely perfectly.  I'll try to update this review again later after using more of the capabilities and features.  If it doesn't do anything more than it does now, I think it is more than adequate, and only the addition of Slacker would make the product complete for my purposes.I don't know why you haven't bought one of these yet.  It's awesome
If you don't find this helpful, then ask WHY DOES AMAZON HAVE SO MANY REVIEWS FOR THIS ITEM DATED BEFORE ITS RELEASE???? Been seeing alot of copy and paste reviews on here, suspicious! This is just pay per view, everything or loaded to the brim with commercials. Even You Tube.I was already a PRIME member for over 5 years when I bought this, when TRYING to use this little SCAM MACHINE, I hit the button that said, Watch at $0.00 cost for PRIME MEMBERS, my results were it charged me AGAIN for another prime account at $99 bucks INSTANTLY. Mine don't expire for 4 more months. Worst part, I only put money on the debit card I use for this account AS I USE IT to keep down chances of ID theft, so it bounced the card ( another $15 fee on me). How exactly, when i had to signed INTO THE ITEM with my account to set it up, but got hit for $99 bucks when clicking on ANYTHING in it.EVERYTHING ON THIS P.O.S. Device is $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ and MORE $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$.$9 a month for Roku, and you get all the same stuff. BUT, from 99 cents to $30 per view, you get this???? WHAT!To use ANY OPTION it cost you. Even on Crackle all the movies you click on shows you commercial after commercial then the WRONG MOVIE! EVERY TIME!Thought I was getting access to what I was ALREADY PAYING FOR! NO F'n way dude, everything is pay, pay or its a joke joke.Even YOU TUBE on this is loaded to the hilt with commercials.Buy you that little Mica unit, a card, download videos and watch them yourself. This is a total waste of time and money.Unless your Cable or Satellite bill is $200 a month+ how is this cheaper after 30 days of use when its ALL pay per view?I feel lied to, and tricked.
I'm a big Amazon user, since back when they only sold books.  I average 3-6 orders of random stuff per month, toilet paper, TVs and everything in between.  I've got 3 Kindles, and though I generally prefer using my iPad, they do see regular use.  As a general rule, I hate to return items and rarely leave negative reviews.  My point here is that a product has to be pretty lousy for me to go through the effort of sending it back and leaving a negative review.Fire TV Stick is that bad.Even at the early Prime offer of half-off, it (or they, I bought 2) weren't worth keeping.  I was hoping for something as fast and intuitive as the Chromecasts they were intended to replace, but with the added benefit access to the Amazon eco-system: Prime, Instant Video, Cloud Drive photos/videos.  After 2 days of use, here's what I discovered:Pros:1) East to hookup.2) Access to everything in the Amazon is dead simple (when it works).3) Affordable (especially the early Prime offer).Cons:1) No iOS app, so non-Android users are stuck using the remote (with no voice compatibility)2) Flaky Wi-Fi connection, constantly lost my home network and would need to be reset.3) YouTube app was unstable and even after pairing with my account, casting from other devices wouldn't work.  And it was noticeably laggy.4) Painful tutorial that can't be skipped and is pretty pointless since it tells you what Fire TV Stick does and how to hook it up AFTER YOU'VE ALREADY BOUGHT IT AND HOOKED IT UP.  And since I had to keep doing factory resets to find my wifi, I had to watch it over and over.I was sorry I even took the time to crawl behind my entertainment center to hook it up.  Other than missing Amazon content (and thanks for that, Jeff), Chromecast is a better product in every way.  Fast, stable, intuitive, with a slick app for your smartphone, regardless of OS.  I think Amazon probably knows that, which is why they won't directly compete and offer a Chromecast app for their content.  And that's too bad.
UPDATE: 0 stars if possible.  It's just good enough that since  can no longer return it I won't throw it away.  The playback is hit or miss.  At times it is choppy, pauses and then speeds up.  At other times I get a blue screen saying content is not authorized.  Still other times it just flat out kicks me out of whatever I am watching.  The stick itself gets very hot with use.  They try to pack a lot in a small form factor and that's the problem.  I don't need something the size of a thumb drive.  I need something that actually streams well.  A box the size of a sandwich sitting below my TV would be just fine.  Stick to a Roku or Apple TV.  You can get Amazon Prime video on the Roku and you can Airplay Amazon Prime video from an iPhone or iPad to an AppleTV.There are seven buttons and a directional pad. Yet you felt the need to subject me to a several minute introductory video to show me how to use it and worse advertise a bunch of other amazon garbage. Even if this turns out to be the best streaming device ever, the fact that I cannot skip this is inexcusable and merits a one star ratingUPDATE:  The layout is designed around Amazon's needs not the user. Rather than launch to your channels  the home button opens to a screen that provides you an opportunity to purchase more content. Also if you are an Amazon Prime member your watch list is actually separated from the Prime Video page. Makes no sense. If I had paid full price I would return it, but for $20 it has just enough usefulness to make returning it too much of a hassle. Unless the Fire TV box has a different layout I would not even consider it. Both Roku and Apple TV are much better. Roku has an Amazon Prime app and I would rather use my phone's Amazon Prime app to AirPlay to my Apple TV than use this Fire TV stick as my primary streaming media source.
This is the worst streaming player I have ever used.After hooking up as described in the very limited user manual I tried to get this to connect to my wireless access point.  This was VERY frustrating, as the only way to enter the password is an on-screen keyboard.  Unfortunately the Fire stick refused to connect to the 5Ghz channel on the access point.  And every time it failed to connect, I had to re-enter the password again on the stupid on-screen keyboard.  This might be fine if your wireless password is 12345, but if your have a decent length password, this get very old very fast.The entire time I was entering this information, the screen kept going blank after every few key presses, forcing me to wait until it came back to continue.  I never did get the Fire Stick to connect the 5GHz radio and had to switch to a 2.5Ghz channel.I was able to watch the intro video and navigate the menus, but when I tried to play a movie (Prime Eligible) I got a blue screen with the words "HDCP Unauthorized", but audio was playing.  Later when I tried to play the came content, I got a different error, "Error Code LICENSE_ERROR" and then "Unknown Error" This screen suggested I contact Amazon Customer Service.  I tried to do this on Amazon's web page, but could not find any link to do so.  I also tried to use the VERY LIMITED Help features on on the Fire Stick.  The eventually led me to a screen asking for a Phone number.  I entered my phone number, but then just got a Unable to Connect Error message.I tried a few other titles and got a new and exciting error, one that said my internet connection was too slow for streaming.  Apparently the Fire TV has so little memory that it can't buffer a single tv episode.UPDATE, After getting an email from Amazon that a software update was available, I tried the Fire TV stick again.  IT WORKS!  Or, well it did, for like 30 minutes.  Then the sound quit, then it was back to the same old HDCP Error.  Oh well.  It was worth a try.
I am LOVING this thing. A very portable version of FireTV. The streamin' ability and quality is spot on for Netflix and Prime video. I have an LED tv and I think this device brought out the real capability of this new technology (new for me anyway...i thought HD was the latest lol) Not only visual quality but the audio is outstandin'. I look forward to them addin' more apps to this, and the other device that i soon hope to own. The only thing as a customer tryin' to figure out which one of these to get needs to think about is: do i need the portability of a FireTV Stick, or do i need somethin' with abit more storage space and slightly beefier hardware inside that can be a more permanent fixture at home? As that is the only difference between the devices that i can tell from the descriptions and havin' only experienced this one and not the other yet. The only caveat is that i feel that amazon should dedicate more time into the amount of apps (as well as quality i.e. brands to bring on board) as well as more quality game apps....Google Play store still dominates on the games variety and i hope that'll change (unless i'm not seein' the full selection by my own error/ignorance or for the fact that this stick has just launched outta the box) To sum this all up: this is a great gift that's quick, easy, and worth the price they ask. Even if you think it isn't right now...remember that these devices will always be updated/expanded with time. All i know is that it's a fact NOW, that i have been turnin' off my xbox for streamin' apps finally and find myself immediately on this thing. There's no hesitation switchin' from one app to another, and it saves your place in each with episodic television. A great gift for any occasion. Very glad i snagged 2 of them at $19/a piece durin' the first 24 hours after they announced it and offered it to Prime members at that. It's made my investment in Amazon all the better for it :D
So i picked this up as an amazon prime member even though I already have two apple TV's (2nd and 3rd generation).  Still we moved to a new apt and I now have a TV in my office so I figured, why not?  The price was too good not to try it ($19 vs. $99 for another Appletv).  The product works as advertised and plays well.  It feels fast and smooth.  The remote doesn't let you speak into it and I haven't figured out how to connect a laptop to it so right now i'm slow typing onscreen.  Theinterface is very clean and quality of the media it puts out is quite good.  As a prime member, i've been playing with Amazon prime music lists and they show up nicely on it.  I also found that it picked up my PLEX account instantly after I purchased the app for $1.99.  Once done, i found i could stream all of my movies that i have stored on my hard drive (see attached pic).The remote works well and feels FAST.  In the whole experience seems pretty strong.It's hard when you live in one world (aka Apple) and have to bridge to another (aka Amazon).  For the most part I'm an apple mobile user (active on both Iphone and Ipad) but i have to say that Amazon is making a pretty good run at knocking down the barriers.  Their cloud app even uploads my iPhone photos to the amazon cloud so they are all available on the Fire TV Stick (a nice extra win).Pro's:Startup was a breeze and took less than 10 minutes with no written instructions.Plays well with other media such as my PC based movies and photos from my Iphone.Lets me put Netflix on my HDTV without spending hundreds of dollars for a "smart TV".Challenges:I don't how to broadcast my PC to it (like i can using airparrot to send me laptop screen to the appletv).I'm not sure how to hook a bluetooth keyboard up to it.Certain menu elements aren't relevant to me and I'd like to be able to turn them off to clean up the screen (like I can with channels in AppleTV).Overall:  At this price, it's hard NOT to recommend it.
Finally, after waiting for 3 weeks after ordering, the stick got here! I already have a couple of Rokus, a couple of smart Blu Ray players, and a chromecast, so when I saw this deal, I almost passed it up, but then sense prevailed and clicked on the order button. Was a little disappointed when the local Best Buy had it in stock and mine still wasn't shipped, but decided to wait it out and it finally got there (to be fair, it got there a week before the promised date, so I shouldn't really complain).Once I plugged it in, configured the Wifi connection, all seemed to go well until it went to download the latest software. Unfortunately no matter what I tried, it kept failing to download. I gave up initially, had some dinner and a couple of hours later took it down to my basement and hooked it up to the projector to try again (thats where I wanted to put it in the first place anyway - but was trying on my TV upstairs which is a few feet away from the Wifi router). However, this time everything went smoothly - the download took some time but succeeded and I got the intro video. Did some research and downloaded some apps, games, sideloaded XBMC, and everything works more smoothly than I imagined. I did use the power supply that came with it, and also the HDMI extender that came with it. Not sure if makes a difference, but I have been enjoying the content for the last week - no stutters on Amazon prime content - built in movies, TV shows, Amazon music, Photos - everything was already pre-configured to my Prime account.I think its an awesome deal and a much better deal than the Chromecast which is more of a novelty compared to the stick. I think the wait was worth it.
AMAZING.Simply superb for what it does, the Fire TV stick blew me away with the amount of functionality it offered for the price. I bought it for the $19 dollars it cost Prime Members when it was first announced, and I couldn't be happier. The UI is efficient and responsive, the remote works great (unfortunately it runs on AAA batteries), and the app selection is fantastic for a device that's just been released. This is mostly due to the fact that the Stick is essentially a pared down version of the Fire TV set top box, but props nonetheless.That said, it's important to understand that this is essentially a window into Amazon's ecosystem. Netflix, Pandora, and other media apps are there, but they all appear in the Apps section of the store, while Movies/Music/TV options in the menu only offer the option of buying from Amazon's catalogue, or viewing Prime content.Because of this, the Fire TV Stick becomes a lot less useful if you're not a Prime Member (and you don't want to pay every time you sit down to watch TV). Prime members get a great selection of TV shows, Movies, and Prime Music (which is fantastic in its own right), giving them utility across every item in the Fire TV Stick's menu. Non-Prime members, however, will only ever use the Games and Apps sections unless they want to buy a TV show, movie, or song.I haven't felt the need to sideload any apps onto the device just yet - if I ever get around to buying a Fire Game Controller I'll update this review with how games play on the device. Haven't tested the screencasting features either, as I don't have an Android or Fire device.TL;DR - Essential for Prime members with TVs, less great but still good value for those looking to stream video to their television. Good app selection, games pretty much require a controller (as the remote doesn't have buttons).
The interface for the Fire Stick is the worst of any streaming device I have used. The issue is its 95% focused on the movies and shows sold by Amazon. Want to watch Netflix or YouTube? You may have issues even finding them as they are stashed away in a sub menu for your apps. Thankfully if you use them frequently  they will show up in a recent apps menu but if you are pulling up an app you don't use often you will have to dig for it.  This is unacceptable for someone like me that uses a Roku 3. The Roku allows you to sort apps the way you want and its search feature includes multiple apps like Netflix. Amazon only searches through the content they want to sell you. At the end of the day this is a device designed to sell you Amazon content. It doesn't offer Vudu because Amazon wants you buying everything from them. App support overall is much less than Roku and Chromecast. This is a streamer for someone watching Prime or buying from Amazon only. Using it for Netflix can be done better by multiple devices. Even the Apple TV is a superior experience. Lastly, I was also surprised at the issues I had with streaming quality. I tested it on the same WiFi connection and same room as my Roku3 and Chromecast and had streaming hickups with Netflix, WWE and You Tube. I had none of these issues on the other two. I understand the Roku having stronger WiFi, but the Chromecast is a smaller device and still worked better. Consider the Fire only if you are heavily invested in Amazon content. For everyone else get a Roku.Update: Wifi issues continue. I am still having issues with this device streaming unless it is a few feet away from a router. Not sure if the stick is defective or has issues with Cisco routers. My others streaming devices work just fine in every room. At this point I have completely given up on the Fire TV stick. Thankfully it was only $19.
Update - I've lost the remote, so now it is a brick - totally useless, so I wasted my money on it.  I can't use any app or anything to reset it so I can use it anywhere.  I wouldn't recommend getting it to anyone - now maybe something improved since the original review, but I will never know without spending extra money for another remote.Bottom line - This is a buggy beta device, wait for a few months to see if they fix the problems, then reconsider.TL;DR - If things are just right and for certain things it seems to just work, but there are enough things broken, not-yet-implemented, or rough that you are likely to encounter and get frustrated by.Update - TL;DR the second try was as bad if not worse than the first.I got an email from Amazon saying to try customer support.  And it got worse.  When I plugged it in, it wanted me to adjust/confirm the video settings, which I did, but then for some reason the Vevo app started immediately.  It might be because the remote has a "repeat" if you hold the button down for more than the shortest tap (since it wouldn't go past the screen until I hit OK), but in any case I got blasted again with sound with a video starting and had to pull it out of the port.  I don't want anything to ever autoplay at startup, and if it asks me to input something, it should ignore a continued press or a repeat.  A remote control is not a keyboard!  A select key shouldn't be a touchy "enter" key that quickly starts repeating.  And Apps shouldn't have a stupid intro animation with sound - none of my tablet or computer apps do, at worst they just have a simple splash screen if startup takes a while.I did find the "parental control" that allows me not to have to type my PIN in for everything, but still many things.  The lack of 5GHz is probably because it is using EAP authentication, so it just acts as if there is no 5GHz since it doesn't see the 2.4GHz networks either.  The network isn't the best for such things, so maybe that is why it is slow (think latency, not throughput), but I can't connect to the better networks so can't tell.More stupidity - I used the "contact customer service" menu entry on the fire TV, and Amazon called me.  But it was NOT Fire TV support, but Kindle support, so I had to spend 5 minutes describing something, then get transferred and explain it again.  The rep had no answer but was going to "escalate".  That seems to be the most common answer.  At least it didn't complain about my power supply this time - I don't know why not.My Kindle Fire HDX works fine with the networks and such, and it would be nice if it could just detect and copy the setup and "just work".  Instead it is just frustrating.  The remote is too sensitive, or the menus are badly setup, or something, so navigation is difficult.  Oh, and now you can add voice for an upcharge - or use "the app", but if it can't see wifi, I don't know how it would talk with the app.Original follows:It complains at startup (and hangs there until you press the remote) if you don't use the Amazon wall-wart that came with it (instead of say, my Photive or Anker 2.1A that has no trouble supplying 2x the current).  It is painful to setup wifi.  It won't find half the networks, or maybe just doesn't support WPA.  Then it has trouble getting through to the network (maybe because the more open ones are firewalled).  It doesn't seem to support 5GHz Wifi, but that might be the WPA security.First thing, it connects and downloads an update and forgets the Wifi pairing so I have to go through that again.  (Why not let me use a USB or bluetooth keyboard?).  If it won't connect it asks again for the password so I have to go through the stupid remote thing again.  Then it sits there for a long while checking for updates.  I mean Amazon could have released another update in the 5 minutes since it did so last.Then after asking about my account it blasts a very loud (I had to pull the stick out to stop it) annoying intro animation.  I'm quite sure someone thinks it is cute, but I thought it was horrible and I'm at work.  No warning, just blast.Ok, then it asks about parental controls.  I NEVER want to do any purchases without the PIN, so I set one.  Then it spins for about a minute "checking network speed".  Ok, I find a FREE prime video on my watchlist to check it out.  It asks for my PIN!  No!  I don't want to have to type in my PIN for every FREE video.  It didn't ask me my PIN for the apps!  Ugh!It is out now, but it isn't ready for prime-time.  Maybe they can fix the software.After the phone, they should know better than to use their customers as beta-testers.  I wouldn't have minded this if it was a beta, but this is supposed to be a released, finished product.
Plenty of reviews here. Just a few quick additional perspectives for this ridiculously strong offering that really ups Amazon's game in this space, as in wow!1) SET UP: What "they" are telling you is accurate. It is ridiculously easy. I bought two of these puppies when offered at half price to PRIME members. Setup for both, combined, took me 20 minutes.2) USER INTERFACE: Easy and awesome. I'm an Apple fan boy. If Apple is serious about this market, they need an Apple TV update yesterday.3) RANGE OF CONTENT: What can I tell you? I bought this as a screaming solution to stream Amazon Prime content without firing up a DVD player, without AirPlaying my iPhone, etc. In addition, there are quite a few (not a lot of) other choices. Pandora and Spotify are nice touches for audio. The TuneIn app is extremely well done if you have already set this up for your other devices.4) PERFORMANCE: With Amazon content, it is excellent. It's early days for me so far, but on VIMEO content in particular, I get some latency. I imagine this must be a Vimeo issue? PBS performance is erratic.5) TRUE DOLBY YADDA YADDA FOR YOUR HOME THEATER RECEIVER: I'm not getting some of the other comments, but perhaps I'm missing something. My 2011 Samsung HDTV runs through my Denon home theater receiver. Depending on the OTA signal I'm tuning in, I get bona fide Dolby quality through my receiver. THIS UNIT is essentially a dongle connected to my TV. I've tested it with multiple programs, I've checked each of my speakers up close, including my two rear surrounds. I am distinctly getting "the real thing" versus "stereo through four speakers." If you're a purist looking to run everything directly through your receiver, this solution is not for you. If you're simply seeking to ensure you get the audio quality you think you should be getting....ummmm....I think this unit provides it.For $40 I think this is a very compelling product. For $20 (what I paid), it is jaw droppingly awesome.
Preliminary review -First, my setup. We have a 55" LCD TV in our living room to which this device is now attached. That TV also plays host to our Apple TV (3rd gen) box and a DVD player. We have a surround sound system as well (which the AppleTV is connected to), but that is irrelevant for this device (as the FireTV Stick will not connect to a home theater system, just to the TV's own audio). That's a little bit of a knock against it - we won't be buying or renting major soundscape movies on this device - but not enough for us to have spent the extra $80 (at the time I ordered it) to get the full Fire TV box. Our planned use is really just for Amazon content; we are happy with our local iTunes content and Hulu Plus coming through the AppleTV (although the latter might shift over if we decide it is worth it).I didn't have any of the problems setting this up many reviewers have had. Our TV is downstairs and through a wall from the WiFi access point (an old Apple Airport Extreme), and other devices get about 3 of 4 "bars" rating connecting to it from this location. I thought this might be a problem especially given the complaints from others who have been unable to connect to their strong wireless access points. However, there was no problem connecting, and the throughput seems fast.After unpacking the device, I plugged it into the HDMI port two up from the one the AppleTV is plugged into (so there would be room for the USB power cord sticking out the bottom side of the stick). It was not able to even start up off the (admittedly nearly insignificant) power from that port, so I next connected the USB cord to the USB port on our TV (a TCL 55" LED/LCD from this year; unknown power supply so likely just standard 500mA). The FireTV started up, and complained that it needs to be plugged into the wall, but clicking "continue" everything seemed to operate just fine. Some information on just when the wall plug's extra power will be needed (ex, while streaming 1080p HDTV? while playing some games?) would be hugely beneficial. But, once I verified that I could at least start HD content playing with the device just powered by the TV's USB port, I unplugged it from there (which of course shut the FireTV down) and routed the way-too-short USB to an extension cord which is then plugged into the wall. I don't like this configuration from a purely electricians' standpoint; extension cords are never meant to be used as a permanent fixture! But, until I can get a longer USB cord to replace this one, it will just have to do.Another area some folks had trouble with is the Bluetooth remote. As you may have read, the remote is not a "normal" IR remote, nor is it a "normal" RF remote. Instead, it uses Bluetooth to connect to the stick. Some have claimed that with the stick behind their TVs the remote's signal was unreliable. In my case, the remote worked flawlessly. Perhaps it has to do with the thickness of the TV or the lack of "smart" circuitry inside the TV (the latter I doubt, though; there is a lot more to the LCD panel than the SOC and flash memory involved in a "smart" TV). In any case, absolutely no problems at all operating the remote from clear across the room.As I'm a Prime member, my Prime account was already set up; we just confirmed that we wanted to use that account and continued on. The only tedious parts of the setup were:1. Entering my WiFi password. There are never "good" onscreen keyboards, but this one seems unduly horrific. Maybe I've been spoiled by the phone-based keyboard we use with our AppleTV. But, this was frustrating.2. Listening to the unskippable idiot's-guide-to-watching-TV that comes up the first time. I just turned the sound down and only half listened to it. I found it completely useless. Really, this should be skippable! You can always play it again later on if you feel the need to!These were annoying, but are one-time setup hurdles.Another thing that is annoying is that many months after it was promised to be "coming soon" there is STILL no iOS remote app for the FireTV. Given that the remote is not easily replaceable (you can always order another one from Amazon, but it's not a run-to-Walgreens-and-pick-up-a-$5-replacement type of remote. If you lose this remote, you can not use the TV until Amazon has shipped a not-cheap replacement out to you. Given the track record of our family with losing or breaking remotes, the critical nature of the remote has me not wanting to use it much until we can just put the packaged remote in a safe place and use the phones we all have.Looking through our Prime content, I expected to see content summaries attached to each episode somehow, like they are on the AppleTV and even on the Amazon website. However, if they are available, I can't find them. This is a major usability issue as with a large family we often have to use the capsule summaries to determine which episode each of us individually is on (the "unwatched" indicators are next to useless unless you happen to be the furthest ahead in the series).But, compared to the AppleTV we are used to, this is an incredibly fast box. I've heard that it is slightly less responsive than the full FireTV box, but even so it is a very pleasantly zippy interface.Playing content the quality seemed to be exactly what I'd expect from Amazon streaming. With the web interfaces, the quality has increased dramatically over the past year, although it is still a far cry from the quality we get from the larger-download files on our AppleTV. I'd gladly trade thirty seconds of buffering at the start of a show to get crystal-clear content in that show all the way through! The quality on this device seems to be on par with the computer playback, and definitely better than the Amazon Instant Video app playing on a phone/iPad and AirPlay'ed to the TV. Also, I haven't seen any of the "muddiness" artifacts some others have complained about. I have only been using it for a little bit, so I'll update again when I can say more definitively.Overall, my initial impression is very positive. It looks like it will be a good companion to our more fully-featured primary set-top box (the AppleTV), with a chance of usurping it for some (but not all) functions.Minor Update - After having it for about a week we've hit our first glitch. For some reason the Fire TV Stick was connected to our home network but decided that it could no longer contact Amazon over the Internet. This completely hobbled the device. Tried checking the network connection, verified the internet was accessible from all other devices in the house, then finally unplugged from power and plugged back in ("rebooted") the Fire TV Stick. Once it came back up again, it was able to talk with Amazon without issue. This was about three days ago, and hasn't happened since. [SEE UPDATE]On video quality - the video quality here is very good, much much better than streaming from the Amazon Video app on an iPhone through Airplay. It is still not on par with the streaming quality we get streaming shows on the AppleTV directly (noticeable in the dark areas of scenes - the Amazon Fire picture devolves to macro blocking far lighter than the AppleTV does, although neither of them compares to Bluray or even DVD local content). But, if you get any reasonable portion of your video via Amazon's Instant Video service, this is a huge improvement over iPhone->Airplay->AppleTV.UPDATE (2014-02-09) - the "network connection" issue appears to be about a weekly occurrence now. There are a LOT of users with this problem. For us it is relatively minor, but for others it seems to completely bork the device. The only solution which appears to really make it go away is to use a long (6-10 foot) HDMI extender and put the Amazon Fire Stick down in the entertainment center cabinet instead of hanging behind the TV. That is, pretend it is the full-size FireTV box, except a little slower and a little cheaper. Kind of defeats the whole "stick" form factor, but I guess that's the best Amazon can do. Hopefully they can figure out how Roku and Chromecast work just find right behind the TV (and for that matter I can put my AppleTV there and it works fine too, but I won't count that because the ATV has a larger form factor to work in) and will fix this before the next rev. Taking off a star for an ongoing minor annoyance.
Right now I am pretty disappointed. Stuttering audio makes shows un-watchable.  I tried Prime Video and Netflix.  On both the audio stuttered every few seconds. I then used my Chromecast to watch the same show on Netflix and it worked perfectly. I'm assuming I got a lemon. I've contacted Amazon and am waiting on a resolution.Comparison to AppleTV:I tend to think of gadgets in terms of "Can my mom do this without calling me?"Based on that I think the Apple TV interface is easier to use. Its a lot easier to explain to your mother over the phone to navigate the big Netflix button on the screen(AppleTV) than it is to say "I haven't watched Netflix in a while so navigate down to the app's section and click to the right then find the Netflix app"(Fire Stick). Using Netflix is much harder on the Fire TV. Prime content is not really an option (unless you Airplay it from the app) on an Apple TV.With regards to how easy it is to find prime content, intermingled in is paid content. I put a pin code on my mom's because it seems like its really easy to think something is on Prime when it isn't. I was nervous about her buying shows and not really realizing it. With the AppleTV you wouldn't have to worry with that as much.The Fire TV stick does have an RF remote. Apple TV has an IR remote. Its really nice that I don't have to have a line of sight.Set up was really easy for the Fire Stick. Pretty close to plug and play. The video at the beginning was a really nice touch.Chromecast: I prefer the Fire Stick to the Chromecast. You'll never explain how to use a Chromecast to your mother over the phone. Don't even attempt to explain how to set one up initially. Chromecast are better if you enjoy gadgets and want to watch a show on ABC.com or something when its not on anther streaming site or you want to project your desktop onto your TV.
Pros:- Inexpensive- Easy setup- Superior HD streaming- Christmas gift for Dad? Covered.Cons:- No iOS companion app, leading to...- ...another remote [for now]Background:We've had a Gen 3 Apple TV since 2012.  We love it.  But we use Prime Streaming a lot, and tying up an iDevice to AirDrop Bubble Guppies for the kids gets old.  So I pre-ordered two Fire Sticks at $19.Setup:Similar to Apple TV, but even easier.  Plug it in, set up Wi-Fi, let it update, and you're good to go. (On that note, I don't understand people complaining that their television's USB port won't power it.  This thing has a dual-core processor, chewing through gigabytes of HD video...it's going to need some juice.)One cool surprise: Amazon links the Fire Stick to your Prime account before shipping, so there's no account sign in...which saves a minute or two of on-screen keyboard pain.  Very smart.  Navigation is simple, and the remote is RF (radio, instead of infrared)...so it doesn't care where I'm pointing it.  (One suggestion for Amazon, though: Allow users to skip the intro video.)Fire Stick is capable of music, Hulu, games, and some other things, but I haven't touched them.  (My wife digs General Hospital, but I don't care who Sonny killed this week...so Hulu is her thing.)  I bought this for one reason: Cheap Prime Streaming.  And it's great, for two key reasons.First, the menu allows you to start watching right away, whereas Apple TV forces you a page further into the menu to find a "watch now" button.  That may not seem like a big deal, but I found it hugely convenient.And the big one: "Time To Stream". It's a term I use to represent how long it takes to navigate the menu and actually start watching. Amazon obviously had a goal of fewer clicks and minimal waiting...and it's extremely well done. Bottom line, you're watching an HD stream *less than one second* after pressing Play.  In total, Fire Stick's "Time To Stream" is 5-10 seconds quicker than what I'm used to with Apple TV.  (My wife even commented on it, so it's not just a "techie" observation.)  I'm running a three year old, refurbished Wi-Fi router at home, so color me impressed.I've read mixed reviews about the Android companion app to control it (and search, which would be cool), but that'll improve quickly now that Amazon is shipping them and getting feedback.  The iOS version is due out "soon", so until that hits I've nothing to add.  One thing I really wish they'd have borrowed from Roku is the headphone-jack-in-the-remote feature.  But oh well.Nice job, guys.
Unfortunately, I don't think the Fire TV Stick should have been released yet... It is not quite ready for Prime time.  Here are the reasons in my case:1)  The WI-FI does not seem to stay reliably connected.  At least twice now when I have come to use the Fire Stick and I wake it up from sleep, the unit would not connect to my W-FI router.  The only fix was to pull the power, plug it back in, and let it connect.  No other device in my household has a problem with the router and the Fire Stick works once it connects.2)  The remote control has an uncomfortable feel in my hand (too thin and small) It also a 'key bounce' problem when I press a key.  What I mean by key bounce is that, for example, if I press the left or right movement key, it may register that single key press as multiple (2 or 3) key presses.  VERY annoying indeed.  I don't know if the problem is in the Fire Stick or its remote.  I also had a hard time opening the battery compartment of the remote as others have suggested.3)  I purchased and installed PLEX on my Fire Stick.  PLEX was working and when I was navigating selections in the PLEX app, the app suddenly disappeared.  I had to call Amazon and they quickly refunded my PLEX purchase and I had to purchase it app again.4) YouTube app hangs for a short time while playing video.  It does this fairly consistently.5)  The user interface leaves a little to be desired.  As another review suggested it works but it is certainly not intuitive.  Netflix interface is not great either but that is Netflix issue.On the good side, when it plays (Netflix, Amazon Prime) it does that well and picture quality is very good.  The $19 intro price (the reason I wanted to try it) makes it bearable while I wait for hopeful updates that will fix these issues.For now I will use the ROKU 1 that I also just bought and that does not have these odd issues.  I have to say my ROKU experiences have been almost completely positive with the exception of the ROKU 3 that has a very similar Netflix user interface as the one in the Fire Stick.At this point, not counting the interface issues I have with the Netflix, I am disappointed.  I expected better quality from Amazon.
This thing does everything my Chromecast does and more! The integration with Amazon Instant Video and Amazon Prime Music is spot on, and apps such as Spotify and YouTube are all OK. It was also pretty cool that it was linked with my Amazon account out of the box without having to type in any passwords. For some reason during my first launch, I had to unplug it and plug it back into the USB charger thing that it came with because some kind of software update failed.The YouTube app isn't as good as the one on my Chromecast. Videos lag even though they are buffered enough (according to the video progress bar in the app). If another person wants to "cast" a video to the TV playlist, they need to pair their phone with the YouTube app on the Fire TV Stick.The Spotify app is okay, but for some reason I can't connect my phone to it unless I go into a weird tutorial screen. Also, there is no support for Spotify Connect through the desktop app, so you have to make sure that your phone has enough battery all night long if you want to play music through Spotify.Games in the App Store are pretty cool, but most are obviously just ports of Android phone games. Most games even still have their on screen controls. Overall, they are OK but not a first class experience that you would expect from a console. GameCircle (Amazon's version of Apple's GameCenter) is confusing at best, and useless at worst. I don't have a Fire tablet or phone though, so I guess I'm not supposed to get a lot of use from this feature, but you would think a company like Amazon would have put more work into the UX of this if they really want to compete with the big console makers. There's no way (that I have found yet) to view your achievements or leaderboards for games. There's also no way to add friends in GameCircle.The Fire TV Stick also suffers from multitasking laggyness just like all Android phones do. If you go to the home screen, it takes a few seconds for the UI to become responsive because Android is (presumably) freeing resources from the previous app that you had open. Also, there is a buzzing sound that I have observed occasionally from most apps (including Amazon Instant Video and Prime Music) when you try to play media shortly after running another app. It's especially apparent in the YouTube app and very annoying. The buzzing sound alone made me subtract 1.5 stars from this review because it happens ALL THE TIME in third party apps and games (less often while playing Amazon content).If you are a developer, this thing is awesome! It's extremely easy to connect over your network to it with ADB. Honestly, I would just buy this thing as a development device because it's really that great. Plus the small form factor makes it really easy to take it with you and demo your TV apps almost anywhere.
Preordered and delivered a day early on SundayPrime member so the cost was $20, not $40. No brainerSetup• 4/5 on ease: connect to HDMI, power and connect to Wi-Fi• 3/5 on time: brand new device required a software update and reboot. At my 50Mbps connection, the total time was 12 minutes. The update required a reconnection to Wi-Fi, wiping out the previously setup connection This might not seem like a big deal but with all the Wi-Fi squatters around, I have a long and complicated password. If I have to do this each update, I can tell you it won’t happen.• Overall it was ok. Fix the password reset and we’re good.PLAYBACKHULU Plus• Audio and video lag after each advertisement. Sometimes lasting for 10-15 seconds. Mostly smooth through the rest of the segment with a few blips here and there. In contrast, I don’t recall ever seeing an audio sync or video blip with Chromecast or my Sony Blu-ray playerNETFLIX• No audio glitches• Multiple video pixilation, blue/blur and pause• Remote jumps around on the menu. Sometimes it moves one space per click and other times it moves multiple.ADD ONShowtime Anywhere: DirecTV not supported on this deviceHBO Go: NoINTERFACE• Clunky and non-intuitive. There are too many “smart” menus that shift and I can’t find Netflix or Hulu+ easily. As expected, Prime has a dedicated side menu and easy to reach your queue.• I want to customize the interface. Move options, apps, etc. around. Apple TV is perfect when it comes to an interface. Simple, easy and in your face. Do that. Don’t’ get complicated.EXTENDING LAPTOP• Miracast has limited and not standard access to transmit your screen to the monitor. I was unable to fund a decent Mac options. This is where Chromecast is the clear winner. “Cast” or throw any tab from Google Chrome to the monitor and use Videostream to “Cast” movies, music and more. It’s easy and like a Mac, it just works.FINALGreat to provide Amazon Prime movies. Since I own it, I will keep it.I’ll stick with my Chrome Cast where I can still Cast Prime so I’m not outHere’s the kicker. You have a guest staying and they want to listen to their Pandora, watch their Netflix when they crash out. The only option is Chromecast as it’s powered from the users device, not the “home” account. I have this same beef with SONOS, which I love.Don’t tie to individuals. Everyone has access to everything. Let us play and make changes allowing it to flow the way we want to see it.
I already have a Roku and apps on my TV and Blu-Ray player... I picked this up for two reasons, the main one being Amazon has yet to update any of their apps for Roku or other smart media to listen to prime music. I was stuck having to link my tablet to my stereo or only listen to prime music on my phone or computer. I would have just gone on without the prime music if it wasn't for Amazon offering this baby for twenty bucks. My second reason, a good deal!Using this from the start was a breeze. I literally didn't have to do anything but plug it in to my TV and an outlet for power. Once it was on it knew already all about me and had all my info loaded. No running to the computer to enter a code to activate this or that. It was just that easy.Of course I do have to log into my own Netflix account and other apps aside from Amazon. No big deal.I'll start with what I like about it...I like that I can now access all the prime music I have saved. The best part is most songs that play will show lyrics, so I can do my own karaoke if I want to!I'm able to continue listening to music as I browse through Amazon.Also little did I know when Amazon sent me notice about unlimited photo storage; the pictures I uploaded to it could be used as a screen saver to the music I'm listening to. I thought this was cool. It's totally motivated me to upload more pictures that I'd like to see more often.This little baby is also much faster than my Roku Stick. I almost which I picked up 2 for the prime member sale price I got it for.What I don't like is...Well the main thing I don't like is the whole viewing screen. If anyone knows how Netflix used to be were you had a larger selection to view at once, rather than just the 5 or so movies at time you feel my sadness. It seems Amazon followed suit and only let you view less than that at a time. Let me give you an example. I have over 4000 music albums in my account. In case my husband is reading this; no honey I didn't purchase over 4000 albums they're part of prime music. It's free! ;-) So if I want to listen to an album but wish to browse first... forget about it. I'll never listen to anything. It starts with the numbers, then the alphabet and you can only scroll forward viewing less than a handful of albums at a time. This is a major drag. I can't even go left and start with Zs and work my way down. When I finally make it to an album I want to look at, not listen to just yet, but just look at. I can select it and the album will open up. If I then decide ehh I'm not in the mood for it and go back... you guessed it I have to start ALL over again.This whole viewing, browsing is the same for movies, tv, everything! View by artist I get the same dilemma. I either have to know exactly who I want to view/listen to and type it in the search or I'm left stuck browsing forever.Another thing is you can't add more prime music from the Fire Stick. If you can, I haven't figured it out.This will not be replacing my Roku 3 for now. There's no HBO Go app and others that I view on my Roku. I'm sure more apps will come, but until then I'm not replacing this with my Roku. Hence the 4 star rating, since I don't see it as a replacement at this time.Overall I'm pleased with this device and will be using it often.
Overall:I'm highly disappointed with the connectivity and responsiveness of the Fire TV Stick. When I leave the Fire TV Stick plugged into the wall (as suggested per the instructions) and plugged into the HDMI port of my TV for an extended period of time, the TV Stick feels like it is over-heating (very warm to the touch). Also at this point, the TV Stick will not respond to the remote. If I'm lucky enough at this point to have the device display a picture on my TV, it will frequently stay frozen on it's current screen, or not respond for in excess of 1 minute per single request from the remote (i.e. The TV Stick will not respond to pressing the 'down arrow' button for more than 1 minute, while not providing any other inputs to the TV Stick from the remote). I wouldn't expect to need to unplug this device from my TV every time I am done using it; that kind of defeats the purpose of having the device (convenience).Pros:- I have access to my Amazon Prime Videos on Demand- When it works, it's greatCons:- Non-Responsive when continually plugged into the TV- Device heats up when plugged in for extended periods of time; This amount of heat is very bad for the internals of any electronic device and as such is likely to drastically shorten the life expectancy of the Fire TV Stick- Suggested power connection is through a wall outlet, as opposed to the USB connection on your TV- You can't skip the introduction video during setup, which for any tech-savvy person is extremely irritating- When searching for videos, "Free" PRIME Instant Videos should be completely segregated from Pay-for Videos. I didn't buy this device to purchase additional videos, but to simply get value out of my Prime membership and watching the Instant Videos which likely caused my Prime membership cost to increase.Final comments:My Chromecast works just fine, so I know it's not the TV (and I've tested multiple HDMI ports, so it's not that either).2 Stars simply because: When the device works, it works great. I was tempted to give 1 Star, but the device works before it heats up to point of failure.I haven't used the phone as a remote yet, but the tutorial didn't make me excited enough to use my phone as a remote. The interface seems too bulky compared to simply using the remote. Voice Search sounds like a fun feature, but I'd guess that less than 5% of users actually utilize that feature.
I purchased the Fire TV Stick simply due to the initially discounted price offered to Prime members. However, as it turns out, I love it. I currently use 3 different device types to stream digital content; Google Chromecast, smart TV and a Blu-Ray player. I figured I would give this a shot and see how it stacked up. It does quite well...In the box:The Fire TV Stick comes with an HDMI extender (needed for my TV), a power block and USB cable and remote. The remote works very well. I assume it is RF, as line of sight seems not to be necessary.Setup:Connecting to the TV was quite simple. Simply plug the Fire TV Stick into an empty HDMI port and supply power. The directions say to use the included power block to supply power to the Fire TV Stick, but on 2 different TVs, the TV's USB port offered sufficient power to run it, so that's how I have it connected. YMMV. Once it powers up, the setup screen walks you through a very simple connection process to connect to your wifi and Amazon account for Prime. Piece of cake.Fire TV Stick vs Chromecast:Obviously this is the most direct comparison. While certainly different, they are in the same class of device. I picked up the Chromecast to use on a non-smart TV. It's fine, but the Fire TV Stick is much better (at least for streaming). The Chromecast is a very basic device. It requires the use of your smartphone to control it, as it has no other input method. This is where the big difference between the two devices comes through. The Fire TV Stick has an includes remote, and therefore has standalone functionality. The main advantage to the Chromecast is it is much better integrated with your phone, allowing virtually anything you are looking at or watching to be immediately displayed on the TV. This includes screen casting, which is occasionally helpful. While there is an app for the Fire TV Stick, it is different than the Chromecast app. It is basically just another remote, but with the added capability to use your phone's keyboard or voice control for searching. But when it comes to actual streaming (Netflix, Prime, etc), the Fire TV Stick is the clear winner. Having it's own UI and standalone usability is great. The device is very quick, and the FF/RW/Pause controls are extremely fast reacting. Using the Chromecast to stream is a less enjoyable overall experience. As for physical differences, the Fire TV Stick is slightly longer than the Chromecast. On my TV, this required the use of the conveniently included HDMI extender. While not a huge deal, on some TVs this may be a bit of a pain. The winner is the Fire TV stick for streaming, but the Chromecast if you are looking for a way to mirror your phone to your TV.Fire TV Stick vs smart TV:My main TV is a Samsung smart TV. The TV is slightly more convenient to use to stream initially since you don't have to change the input, but in overall usage, it isn't close. The Fire TV Stick has a much better UI, the ability to use the phone's keyboard, and is faster than the TV. Also, and this may be a model/brand specific issue, my smart TV delays audio for a couple of seconds when coming out of pause, so you can miss dialog. No such issue with the Fire TV Stick. The smart TV UI is also very bloated and cluttered, making it's usability less appealing. The clear winner her is the Fire TV Stick.Fire TV Stick vs Blu-Ray player:The Blu-Ray player I have is not a top of the line model, but a middle of the road player. Higher end players may fare better, but mine gets crushed by the Fire TV Stick for streaming. It is clear that the processor in the Blu-Ray player just can't compete with the one in the Fire TV Stick. Everything is done much faster in the Fire TV Stick. It's night and day. Using the Blu-Ray player is much more tedious. This one is a slam dunk for the Fire TV Stick, as the Blu-Ray player offers no advantage, and is much slower.Final thoughts:Amazon hit a home run with this one. Assuming the Android app gets updated with further capabilities to more compete with the Chromecast in phone mirroring, it will be a much better device. As it is, I have the Fire TV Stick in my bedroom on my non-smart TV (so I don't have to use the aforementioned Blu-Ray player to stream), and the Chromecast on my living room smart TV. I will probably use the smart TV for streaming and just use the Chromecast for phone mirroring. If you are looking for a streaming device, I cannot recommend the Fire TV Stick highly enough.
So far it seems to work well. I have this, a ROKU 2 and a Chromecast, all on different TVs. Each device has its pros and cons, but since this is a review for the Fire TV Stick, I'll "stick" to reviewing that device (pun intended).Pros- Speedy. While I don't have quantitative data, it does seem to stream in HD faster than the ROKU 2- Nice remote. A plus over the remote-less Chromecast, and a nicer execution than the ROKU. Even though it's nice to have the headphone jack option on the ROKU remote, it's buttons and menu interface aren't as intuitive. The Fire uses icons similar to most non Apple smartphones for navigation and the streamlined design seems less likely to fall victim to the dreaded sticky button phenomenon that happens when you have young children.Cons (and why I gave it 4 stars)- "Not Support!" Uh, what? This error came up when I first plugged it in to the HDMI port without the HDMI cable extension. Which I did as I interrupted my wife and daughter listening to music on the ROKU. "It'll be quick and easy!" I said. Well, the daggers they were shooting from their eyes were much quicker to hit me as I dangled from a step stool with one arm behind the TV, one arm holding the device while trying to plug it into one of the ports, only to have it do nothing, but give me an error written in broken English. "Not Support!" Adding the cable extension fixed the issue, though.- Power supply. While it might be able to be powered via usb on the tv, it comes with a plug for an outlet. The plug is somewhat large and awkward, which made finding space for it on a power strip difficult.- "Apps." While not the end of the world, you must search for and download the apps you want to use. Not a problem. Just tedious when you aren't familiar with the menu set up.We have had one or two hiccups with the streaming since installing it, which required shutting of the TV to fix, but it hasn't been a regular issue.Overall, the experience is good if not perfect and I'd recommend it for the price
Why, Amazon, why do you insist on making us suffer through using a remote and an on-TV interface? I can understand wanting to make us use your streaming device rather than Google's, but please let us use our familiar phone interface to find content and send it to the stick! To add insult to injury, I can cast Netflix and YouTube to the Fire TV Stick, but not Amazon content!There are also two main issues I've run into:1. The response to the bluetooth remote is laggy.  I've noticed that on both of the sticks I bought.  There are times when I'll press a button and nothing will happen.  After that, like most people would, I automatically think the device didn't get the command and press the button several more times.  Then, after a few seconds, the stick catches up and executes all the presses at once.  It's clearly a problem with the stick design since there's such a lag and it happens with both sticks I have.2. WiFi passwords must be manually typed in (hint: Chromecast doesn't have this problem).  This is the ONLY device I've run into that requires manual entry (TVs might as well, but at least my parents' has an ethernet port).  If, like me, you use LastPass (or a similar service) to generate your passwords, you will find this part to be hell.  The worst part is that, even if you connect the stick to an intermediate WiFi network (I used my phone's hotspot), you can't copy & paste the password using the Fire TV Remote app! It was better using the keyboard on my phone, but that's the only time when I've been thankful that I didn't make my WiFi password the full 63 characters long.  I feel sorry for anybody who uses a computer-generated WiFi password and only has iOS devices.
Cannot recommend at all. It would not even connect to my primary network, despite repeated fiddling.  Not what I need after a long day at work with overtime. I gave up and had it connect to my other network, which is a much weaker signal, by the way, so that was not the issue for me.  However it refused to update despite repeated attempts, restarting the device, etc.I am returning it as defective and recommend anyone else with hardware/software issues to do so, also.  As I told Amazon in the comment for the return, I don't have time to debug beta crap.  I bet they eat millions on this.  Very disappointing.EDIT: So, this morning, I decided to give it another chance.  It did managed to update, which it apparently needed to do several times before finally starting up and playing a fairly decent welcome help video.  However, this was still on the secondary network.  Encouraged I decided to see if it would now properly connect ... sadly, no.  For the record, there is nothing exotic about my network; it's a common home router model using WPA2-PSK encryption. I do have a MAC address access list but the device was added and I have even disabled that to no avail, just in case.  For whatever reason this device is just not properly designed or configured, oddly the other network is similarly configured, though further away so a weaker signal and not preferred as it is a satellite, metered, connection.  The upshot is that I will keep the device as it may be useful, even if only for another charger, given the price I paid. There is no way I can recommend this device though and I still think it merits 1 star, for the total lack of attention to technical detail, horrible out of the box experience, etc.  If you can get it as cheap as I did ($20) and you are prepared to take a chance on it not working for you, have at it, otherwise there are a host of better products. The remote, though, is not bad.
If not for HDCP issues, I would probably rate the Fire TV Stick much higher.  I'll try to explain everything without getting overly long-winded, but I have a feeling it's inevitable.First, let me say that I mostly like the remote and the device itself.  The Stick is something you probably won't see much of, as it's plugged into your TV, but it's not hideous and blends in fairly well.  As with my Chromecast, I wish the included USB cord was longer, because my surge protector is a few feet from the TV stand, meaning the cord is (almost) pulled taut--I would have hoped for a bit more slack.The remote looks nice with its understated colors.  It feels and looks better than my Roku remote with its gaudy toy-like colors.  The directional ring is responsive and clicks nicely, and though it may not be obvious to some immediately that it's a button, the "select" button in the center of that circle is also nice and large.  The battery compartment was actually almost frustrating to open, but it could be my specific remote-I haven't gotten to hold another one.  Another nice feature here is that, after your Fire TV Stick is set up and running, you can connect your smartphone (on the same wifi network) to it which allows it to also act as a remote--also allowing text input with a keyboard on your phone, which is more intuitive than using the included remote.The setup process is okay--connecting to my wifi network was straightforward enough, although selecting the wifi password on the keyboard is a bit cumbersome.  Chromecast, in contrast, allows you to make an ad-hoc connection to your smartphone, borrowing from it to establish its wifi connection--definitely a bit easier, although probably less intuitive for someone who's less tech savvy.  For most people ordering this for themselves, it will come with your Amazon account registered already.  If you have to enter your account info, it's a bit more cumbersome, because you need to again use an on-screen keyboard with the included remote to enter your username and password.  It would be nice if I could use my Android phone to set up my Amazon account after the Fire TV Stick is connected to my wifi network, but I haven't had any luck connecting my phone until after I'm past this point of the setup process.The interface on screen is fairly nice--better designed than Roku's, and is clearly more thought through than Chromecast (which has almost no real "interface", most of the time, since it's driven primarily by a smartphone/tablet).  It's certainly something I could trust my parents to figure out mostly on their own, which is not something I would say about the Chromecast.  It's also fairly snappy and responsive.  The one problem I seem to have frequently is double-input occurring--where pressing 'right' once will register as two or three clicks (or a click-and-hold) and will pass over what I'm trying to stop on.  Not a major issue but it definitely happens more frequently than I'd like, right now.The Fire TV Stick comes with most expected functionality--streaming Amazon Prime, Netflix, Hulu Plus, in addition to free services like Youtube and Twitch.  The quality is solid for wifi-only connection, and it seems to hog bandwidth a little less than my Chromecast does, but that's observational and not based on specific measurements/evidence.  Overall I'm very satisfied with streaming from these sources.Now, to the least favorable part of the device.  If it weren't for the HDCP issue I had, I would rate this either 4 or 5 stars. But after a day of usage, I decided to switch HDMI ports on my TV, and use the included HDMI extender, which allows me to give the Fire TV Stick (and TV's other HDMI ports) a bit more clearance.  After I did this, I tried using Amazon Prime Streaming and got a big blue screen indicating "HDCP unauthorized. Content disabled".  I tried Netflix and got the same result.  Audio played fine, but a big blue error screen appeared.  I tried Youtube and Twitch--they worked fine.I contacted Amazon support and they made some recommendations, including clearing data/cache from the device, and doing a factory reset (twice).  When this didn't work they told me they would contact me again after escalating for more information on their side.  I heard back today and the recommendation was to switch out my HDMI cable (although I was only using the extender that was included with the Fire TV Stick in the first place).  The second recommendation was to "try another TV".  Having no second TV, I tried switching HDMI ports on the TV, and tried removing the extender.  I tried clearing cache/data and a factory reset again, per the original support instructions--again no luck.  I found via Google a suggestion to unplug the TV from its power outlet, plug it back in, and try again.  This eventually worked, and resolved the HDCP issue--I can now stream on my premium subscription services on the Fire TV Stick.Ultimately, I really want to recommend this product, but I don't think everyone will know and understand the possible troubleshooting steps.  I don't think they should be expected to try things outside of what Amazon's support team recommends, either.  And even now, there's nothing obvious that would indicate to me that I should not use the HDMI extender--although I've heard this is an issue that might affect older TVs (mine is ~5 years old).  So I'm a bit concerned about recommending this to give as a gift, because you might not know the age/compatibility of the recipient's TV.It seems like it could be a great product--but Amazon needs to work a few things out in the Fire TV Stick itself as well as in the support process before I would feel comfortable recommending this product to everyone I know.  When it works, I like it better than my Chromecast and my Roku.  But neither of those two devices have EVER had any problems like the one I had with my Fire TV Stick--they worked out of the box, and have worked ever since.I would recommend watching review trends a bit to see if other similar problems are reported, and if they get less frequent as the holidays approach, before offering a wholehearted recommendation that everyone should have a Fire TV Stick.  I think it has potential and will get there, but I don't yet know when.Edit: For reference, my TV model is Sony KDL-46W4100.  I have no idea what bearing this has on whether my Fire TV Stick works or not, as Amazon has not provided any updates to me after supplying them with the TV model number over a week ago.  Also changing from 3 stars to 2, because effectively this product is as useful as a paperweight right now, given that the remaining functionality it has (Youtube/Twitch/etc) is done better on my Chromecast.
When the Fire TV Stick was announced I knew immediately I would be getting a couple.Let's be honest here: you're probably comparing the Fire TV Stick to the Chromecast. I LOVE the Chromecast. It lets you control your TV content using the strengths of your phone/tablet. It gives you control of a second screen on a per app basis. You get the content and experience from your favorite compatible app. This is the first thing the Fire TV Stick fails at... the just got it wrong from day 1. Let me explain:I thought the Fire TV stick would be great, but unfortunately it's just isn't. It feels old when you first plug it in. The navigation sucks. I totally understand the point for Amazon is to get paid content in front of their users, but this is just a bunch of ads you scroll through. It's not smart recommendations. It's not based on your history. It's not based on your taste. It's just whatever junk some movie studio is paying Amazon to shovel in front of users. As a user you have to wade through all the stuff you have no interest in to get to the few things you are. Apps, like Netflix, are relegated to a separate space, while deep content links for Amazon show up on the home screen. It's just too obvious and doesn't work right. The experience is just awful.To add insult to injury the thing doesn't even work very well. Amazon touts the Fire TV Stick as having better hardware by far than any competitor device. It's amazing that the competition seems to outperform this in every way. It feels slow. There's lag between button presses on the remote and what you see on your screen. There's playback issues with content. Constant blips and stutters. More buffering than other devices. It's quite honestly amazing that Amazon has gotten such bad performance with such high hardware specs. It's a testament to the software running the Fire TV Stick: it's bad. In all honesty it'll probably get better with time and updates, at least I hope it does.Hardware wise the stick itself is just fine. It plugs in your TV's HDMI port and gets power via a micro USB power adapter. No surprised there. The remote though sucks. The directional wheel has horrible tactile feel. The "enter" button (center of the wheel) feels like it'll break from day 1. I don't have high hopes for it lasting very long. At least there's a smartphone app once it breaks... but wait: it's an awful app. Slow doesn't begin to describe it. Not to mention it's just remote buttons on a non-tactile surface. It's simply everything you wouldn't want.I'm a fairly die-hard Amazon fan. I was excited I'd finally have a device that could be simple and do Netflix AND Amazon Instant Video, but this device misses the mark. I find myself still wanting Amazon to simply release a Chromecast compatible Android app for Instant Video. I'll be sticking with the Chromecast and checking back in when there's a major software overhaul.I'm glad I got in on the promotional $20 price, because I wouldn't pay the regular price for this thing I don't recommend anyone else does.
The Fire TV Stick is a nifty little package. I played with it for a day, and there is some roughness showing up in software, that I hope the developers can fix in short order. As such, most of this review will probably read like a bug report. To start, though, I would like to talk a little bit about the device form factor.Besides a battery-powered remote control, the Fire TV Stick consists of two boxes: a power supply that connects to a wall outlet, and the main stick enclosure. These two get connected by a USB A to Micro-B cable. The main enclosure can be plugged into a TV set’s HDMI port ether directly (if the space around the HDMI receptacle allows for it) or through an included HDMI extension cable.If you are lucky, and your TV set has a spare USB port with enough power for the Fire TV Stick to function, you may be able to get by without having to run the cable to the power supply. Do that on your own risk, though. Officially, the included power supply connection is required.It is also worth noting that the only way Fire TV Stick connects to the Internet is via Wi-Fi. Even if you have wired Ethernet connection available near your TV set, you will not be able to go forego wireless.Those who dislike adding yet another remote to their entertainment system will happy to know that Fire TV Stick is HDMI-CEC compatible. As such, if your TV set or whatever you are plugging the Fire TV Stick into is also HDMI-CEC compatible, then you can just use the remote you already have.In practice, there are some issues with that, which may be attributed to vendor incompatibility. The largest issue is that the Fire TV Stick’s home button is not properly mapped. That is not such a big deal when navigating the main Fire TV Stick interface, as instead of using the home button, one can just push the back button a few times.Another story is when using apps. Some apps, like CBS news app for example, integrate into the Fire TV Stick very well. Other apps look and feel jarringly different. An example of the latter is the YouTube app; besides looking different, for some reason it appears to have further adverse effect on HDMI-CEC button mappings: I found that the fast forward button does not work; and the back button takes you only as far back as the YouTube app’s main screen, and would not let you go back to the Fire TV Stick’s main interface.Another way to control the Fire TV Stick is with a special Fire TV android app. For the app to find the stick the android device must be on the same network, and the network should have IP multicasting enabled. I wish the Fire TV android app had more communication options, such as specifying the Fire TV IP address manually, and Bluetooth connectivity. Also, since the Fire TV stick connects to your Amazon account anyway, it would not be farfetched to envision some kind of auto-configuration option; though security and privacy issues would have to be considered in this case.The Fire TV android app contains the same six control buttons, as on the native remote. At the top of the app there are links to keyboard and voice search. In the middle though, instead of navigation buttons, there is some kind of bizarre touchpad surface. How to use that surface to control the Fire TV Stick is not intuitive at all. This part of the Fire TV android app definitely needs work.Overall, if your main needs are to stream Amazon videos and music, and your Wi-Fi network is not constrained, I would not hesitate recommending the Fire TV Stick. Otherwise, you may be better served by the full-scale Amazon Fire TV appliance, or by a media-center PC.
Just got this yesterday.. Looking forward to setting it up. Though maybe I did not read enough.. The commercial shows it just GOING into the HDMI port by itself.. In reality it has a power cable and power transformer (very small one) and the instructions say for best performance they highly recommend that it be plugged into power. If it indeed struggles without being plugged in I will be disappointed as power outlets are pretty hard to come by where I have my setup. and elimination of wires was one reason I wanted to dump apple TV for the fire stick.UPDATE AFTER INSTALLATION.I have a Panasonic Viera Plasma TV.. Without the power cord the Firestick would not even power up on ANY of my HDMI ports. I got no picture at all.. Once I plugged in the provided power cable it did indeed power up. So as far as Amazon (strongly recommending the power supply) I in fact was incapable of using it on both my Panasonic and my smaller bedroom TV with out external power.Setup was simple. Though the device was just released there was already an update to it which required about 10 minutes and the update seemed to erase my WIFI settings as I had to enter the WIFI key a second time. The device already knew which Amazon account I had and it was already programmed in (never had to enter a password so I guess Amazon just activated it before shipping)I watched about 3 episodes of falling skies.. The picture was very good. The sound good. No stuttering or choppy blocky pics at all. I have not used any other apps like netflix or espn yet but plan on it.I have a harmony one remote. I tried to add the Fire Stick to it and it said it used bluetooth so it walked me through the process of getting the amazon Fires Stick to recognize my harmony via bluetooth. It never did work. I am sure with time and tinkering and probably an update or two by Harmony and Amazon and this will get ironed out but for now I have to use the included remote.I wish it worked without the extra wires but so far it is a nice device and I am glad I got it at the intro price.
So this little power house blows the Roku LT I previously used for streaming media out of the water!  It has my most commonly used apps (Netflix, Crackle, Flixster), access to tons more, and is simply amazing for Prime.  With other streaming media players, I've noticed painful lags in Prime streaming media which led to avoiding watching much of it.  If you are a Prime subscriber, this really makes the subscription well worth it!Some product PROS:- The remote is super responsive and incredibly easy to lose - I'm thinking of attaching it to my dog to avoid it getting sucked into the realm of nothingness that is the couch cushions.- The look of the unit (the stick and the remote) is super sleek and sexy.  For electronics.- The HDMI extender is the best idea as many TVs don't have too much room to stick the device into; the power cord is comfortably long and reaches the plug with room to spare.  It also comes with a USB plug, if you have some of those outlets too!- The quality of what I watch is excellent!  With my LT, it only streamed 720p.  I forgot my TV was capable of 1080p so when I plugged the stick in it had AMAZING CLARITY!  My eyeballs almost melted out of my face when I saw how old Matt Smith really looks.- Buffering is a thing of the past!  Everything is really so fast and not frustrating to watch because it has to stop and load right at the good parts.- The home screen is optimized for Prime viewing, allowing you to add items from the Prime library to your Watchlist for easy access and quick viewing.- Good selection of fun (free trial version) games; Badlands and Tetris are pretty addictive and easy to play with the standard remote and have provided a few hours of entertainment so far.And some CONS:- The Miracast function, which I was incredibly stoked about, does not work.  Trying to connect a Miracast able phone and laptop has not succeeded which is a bummer as that was something I could not wait to try.  It seems like sharing off the Fire tablet and phones works like a charm; hopefully it's a bug or something that will be fixed with a download in the coming year.- After about the second day of use, I noticed a strange buzzing that would occur while watching something.  It only lasts a second or two and can be best described as the sound you hear when plugging an audio cord in to a live connection - a low buzz/hum.  I checked all the connections and it doesn't happen when playing Xbox or watching regular TV.  It hasn't stopped or gotten any worse and with the warranty Amazon offered, I figure I can give it about a month before possibly sending it in for repair/replacement.Overall, this is a fantastic purchase for anyone who streams their media and especially Prime users - this this really takes your TV experience to the next level and at the price is a great purchase!  Amazon is really upping their game when it comes to infiltrating your living room and electronics experience - I'm definitely considering a Fire tablet to further my home viewing experience and becoming a little more plugged in.
Way better than I expected.  We live in a rural area where DSL and Cable internet are not options.  That means slower internet and long buffering times for streamed content.  I have been able to stream Netflix through our 4 year old Sony Blu-ray player with some success, I have also streamed using Android phones with less success and a bit better streaming when I connect my Windows tablet to the TV.  So the $20 pre-purchase price was the only reason I felt it was worth the gamble on buying another internet streaming device.Success.If I knew it would work this well, I would have bought the Fire TV Stick at full price.  For streamed content this device maximizes slower internet connections.  I use a rural broadcast Wi Fi network which does not have the lag times of satellite I used in the past, but it isn't lightning fast, yet the streaming on the Fire Stick is quick and painless.  Netflix works well, as expected, but better still, I can stream Amazon Video.  This is something I have not been able to do well, even on a computer, because of the constant buffering.  On the Fire Stick so far, no buffering. The video quality is better too.  The way my Blu-Ray and Computer makes up for less buffering time is lower video quality.  The Fire TV Stick video isn't always 100% HD, but it is vastly better than the streamed content on other devices on my internet connection.  I Heart Radio streams without buffering pauses over my home Wi-Fi.  Streaming I Heart Radio over a phone using my home Wi-Fi experiences occasional buffering pauses so I typically disable the Wi-Fi on the phone to stream that content over my 4g network.  On the Fire TV Stick though, I can stream I Heart Radio over my home Wi-Fi without the same buffering pauses.I can also play my home network stored music using the available Plex App.  I had previously set up my network to play my music content via the Plex app on the Blu-Ray and tablet, which worked, but there were long waits while my music content buffered on my own network. On the Plex ap available for the Fire TV Stick, I can access my home network stored music content quicker and with more success.In short, it is well worth the price.  Thanks.
Unless you got this at the giveaway price of $19, I would stick with the Amazon Fire tv box. I guess I'm a techie, and we tend to be frivolous with gadgets and buy redundant technology just to check them out. So I either own or have tried them all. I am biased against the stick because it performs poorly with PLEX. Even its competition, the supposed weaker Chromecast, streams flawlessly with Plex. Xbox One, Roku, and the Amazon Fire TV box all perform PLEX perfectly.If you don't know or don't use Plex, then you'll be happy with the Stick. It does everything else well. If you bought this for Plex, you might want to just buy the Fire TV. If you think about it, the stick isn't a bargain compared to the Fire TV. From $99 to $39 retail, at first glance, you may think it's a bargain, but it isn't. You don't get the Voice remote like you do with the Fire TV, that's $30 sold separately. So when there's no black Friday, no cyber Monday, and we're back to retail as usual, that's $70 total for the stick and the voice remote. Might as well pay an extra $30 to get the box where you get double the power, USB port for accessories like a keyboard. If you know what SIDE-LOADING is, you're going to want to use a keyboard when using Android apps that are not made for the Amazon interface. There is also an Ethernet port on the box.If the lesser Chromecast can do Plex nicely, then I'm thinking this isn't a hardware issue, and hopefully a software update can solve the problem. Others who are using it for Plex and are happy are making me per-PLEX-ed. LOL! I wonder if they had experience with any other gadgets to compare the quality to. But there are plenty of reviews similar to mine, with the conclusion that this is bad for Plex.BTW, if these box makers would just give us a HDMI input, they can completely wipe out the Smart TV business. Seem so easy, but only the high end Xbox One has this feature.-----------------------------------------------------Dec 4th, 2014 REVIEW UPDATE-----------------------------------------------------I have now revised my review for this product. Initially I was biased against it because I thought it performed horribly with Plex. I thought I couldn't use 1080p, so I had to set the quality to 720p which gave me so much blocky artifacts. As it turns out, I made a simple rookie mistake in 1080p mode. In my plex setting, when I would set the quality to above 8 mbps for 1080p, but to test out my movie, I would go into the RECENTLY VIEWED section and I would RESUME a movie. Well, the terrible quality and stuttering comes from the fact that I'm starting mid-stream cold, no buffering. I played around with it again today, this time I started all the movies from the beginning and it streamed perfectly and quality is outstanding!I initially rated the stick 2 stars. I still will not give it 5 stars because the value to me is deceptive. The voice remote is sold separately for $30 which brings the grand total to $70. At that point, you might as well get the Box version for $99 for all the reasons I mentioned above. If you got this for the pre-order price of $19, then it is a 5 star all the way!
Due to the number of comments regarding my purchase experience I will update this review.First off, I am glad I was one of the early adopters of this gadget, as I did get it half price during the promotion.My family has cut the cord and we just use internet services and local streaming of our own movies such as:NetflixAmazon Prime StreamingYouTubeHulu Plus (actually cancelled, I dont like ads)Pandora music (free, great for parties)Amazon Music streamingThe good+Streaming works great for all apps tried,+Interface is fast and very powerful for such a small device.+The 2-3 second boot up for Netflix films isn't terribly noticeable+lots of options+game apps work relatively well with any bluetooth controller, but are limited graphically (still, there are some cool games for it) It's never going to be a gaming console, but you can play a quick round of Tetris while you wait.The bad-No easy way to directly stream content to the stick/TV a la Chromecast. As I've said-- I'm thrilled watching streaming services and local content, but I havent found a way to mirror a web browser or tablet screen onto the device. For me, that is inconsequential. For others, that may be a game breaker. Just know what you are in for.It's basically an elegant stick for a cheap price that does everything it does well. It's beefier than all the other "stick" form factor streaming devices, but weaker than all the "box" streamers (duh). It's missing a couple of features that not many people will notice. It's also held back by the (intentionally?) bad UI within the Amazon Streaming App. Still, this was the best purchase I've made this year at $20 and at $40, it would still be worth it.Original Review:Poorly executed,I placed my order before Halloween, I will not get after thanksgiving, Christmas or new years, but on Jan 9.Shame on you Amazon.
UPDATE:I found a fix that someone posted on the Amazon forums.  I'm going to put it in here so that anyone else who has similar issues will hopefully run across it.  If you've got an Onkyo receiver, give this a try:"Before plugging in the Fire TV Stick, change to the input you want to use, then press:Receiver-->Home-->Setup-->Choose Source Setup-->Picture Adjust-->Picture Mode-->Set to Direct (not Auto)"It worked for me, and the Fire TV Stick works with my receiver now.That being said, after actually using the stick, I'm returning it anyway.  The wifi is too unreliable -- watching Netflix or Hulu, it regularly stops to buffer the video, and sometimes even cuts off completely saying it has lost its connection.  The thing is, my Fire TV Stick is literally right next to a Playstation 3, and the Playstation 3, despite only having wireless G support, plays video from both services just fine without any network issues (the Fire TV Stick supposedly has wireless AC, and the router that both are connecting to is a new model Apple Airport which supports AC -- if anything, I'd expect the Fire TV Stick to be better, but that's not the case).Basically, at this point, I'm done with this thing.  It's *way* too much hassle.  I'm going to bump my review up from 1 star to 2 stars because at least it is (barely) functioning now, but even doing that feels like I'm being generous.----------------------ORIGINAL REVIEW:The Fire TV Stick is a great idea which was horribly botched in execution.  I've been using a PS3 for all of my streaming media, but when Amazon offered this up to Prime members for $19, I thought it would be a great way to offload those functions from the game console and save some wear and tear on it.  Unfortunately, it's not going to work out, so I'll be sending it back.I'll start with the thing that was the absolute deal-breaker for me first -- apparently, it can't be used with a surround sound receiver.  When I plug the Fire TV Stick directly into an HDMI port on my television, it works just fine.  When I plug it into an HDMI port on my receiver (a fairly recent, high-end Onkyo), I just see a message from the TV telling me that no signal was detected.  I even tried plugging it into the same port that my PS3 is usually plugged into, to make sure that it wasn't a problem with a bad port -- no dice.  I called Amazon customer support, and after being led around in circles for 40 minutes (seriously, I asked for Fire TV Support, why am I being forwarded to Kindle Support?), I finally got my answer -- "The Fire TV Stick is only designed to be plugged directly into an HDTV."  What?Sorry Amazon, that's not going to cut it.  I've invested in a good surround sound system, the last thing that I want to do is hear all of my streaming media through my TV speakers.  And even if I were to set up the TV to pass its audio signal to the receiver (which I *might* be able to do -- I honestly haven't looked into it), I'd still have the problem that it significantly complicates my HDMI switching -- now instead of just doing all of my switching on the receiver, I have to do some of it on the receiver and some of it on the TV.  I can even see myself getting confused by that sometimes, and I know my girlfriend and her daughter wouldn't know what to do with it (they have a hard enough time with just the receiver).  Hey Amazon, what on earth were you guys thinking by not making this receiver comaptible?So with that, Amazon is getting it back.  Better luck next time.I did, however, complete the setup while I had it connected to the TV, and noticed several other issues as well.  I don't think any of them would have been absolute deal-breakers like the receiver issue is, but they were definite inconveniences at the very least and are worth knowing about if you've gotten this far and are still thinking of buying one of these things...1. First of all, Amazon has apparently never heard of hidden wifi networks.  I know, I know, the "security" that provides is limited at best, but still, when I can set it up that way, why wouldn't I?  But when I first plugged the Fire TV Stick in, I got a screen with "Connecting to Network" header at the top, and then a "Searching for Networks" notice in the middle of the screen.  Then, after a moment, the notice went away and other than the header, the screen was completely blank.  Not even an error message.  Pushing keys on the remote made it make clicking noises through the TV speaker, so it wasn't totally frozen, but nothing at all happened.  Finally, after going through this a couple of times, I finally turned on SSID broadcasting on my router, and only *then* the Fire TV Stick was able to pick it up.  Seriously Amazon, it's 2014, by this point you should have the "other network" option to enter an SSID that pretty much every other device out there has had for years now.  To the Fire TV Stick's credit, I turned the SSID broadcasting back off after configuring it to connect, and it was able to maintain its connection after that.  But still, geez...(Worth noting also, if you have your router configured to only accept connections from a defined list of MAC addresses, you'll have to turn that off until you have the stick configured too, as nowhere on the packaging or the stick itself is the MAC address of the device listed.  This is a more common oversight by hardware manufacturers, but still...)2. My girlfriend and I share an Amazon Prime membership through Amazon's household members program -- which is great, but which causes several issues with a device like this.  So, even though we share the Prime membership, we both have separate Amazon accounts because we have separate finances.  For various reasons that aren't relevant here, the primary membership is on her Amazon account.  Since Amazon only allows the primary membership holders access to the free Amazon Prime Video, that means that the stick has to be registered to her account.  Which is fine for the most part, except that when it comes to actually buying content, I'm the one that's far more likely to be doing that.  So we're stuck in a dilemma...  Register the stick to her, and I can't watch any of my purchased content.  Register the stick to me, and we can't watch the free Amazon Prime Video.  Ultimately the free option is the more important one to us, so that's the way we'd go, but Amazon is shooting themselves in the foot by essentially cutting off video sales to me.  Amazon, you need to either make the free Amazon Prime Video available to all members on the Prime account, or you need to make your devices and apps able to support multiple accounts.3. Along the same lines, this issue also causes a problem with the Amazon Cloud Player music.  Again, I'm the one more likely to be buying music from Amazon, both as CDs with the auto rip included, and as direct digital purchases.  But, of course, since we have to have the device registered to her account for the Prime Video, that means I can't play any of my purchased music on it.  Not only that, but apparently you're only allowed to change the registered user for the music section once every 180 days (who came up with that nonsense?) so I can't even manually switch it to my account to use it.4. Scrolling through the interface seemed sluggish compared to the devices that I'm used to.  I've read in other reviews that this is a problem initially that goes away after some use (maybe it's buffering a lot of data or something early on?), but I didn't use it for long enough to be able to confirm that one way or the other.  It wasn't unusable by any means, but it was a little off-putting.5. The interface is clearly designed to sell you Amazon video content.  Which, ok, I get it, it's an Amazon device, but still...  I'm going to be honest, my priorities are Netflix and Hulu.  To even get to those apps, you have to do some significant scrolling, and if there was any means of rearranging the user interface to move them up, I didn't see it.  I looked for the Spotify app and couldn't even find it (to be fair, I didn't spend a *long* time searching, but you'd think that a service that major would be a little more prominent).All-in-all, the receiver issue was, as I said, an absolute deal-breaker for me.  Even if it weren't, those other issues would have significantly soured me on the experience.  Time to send this one back to the drawing board Amazon!
This device can best be described as "broken right from the get go". Here is the reason why (this is just my personal experience and others may or may not have experienced the same):-Being a Prime member, Fire TV Stick was available for pre-order at a more-then-decent price of $29.94. I have been on a look out to purchase a streaming device for all my digital content and this didn't seem like a bad deal to try out. I put in my pre-order and I was immediately informed of the expected delivery date. The item arrived a couple of days early.Problem#1: The shipping box inside the delivery package was open already. Even though it was inside the plastic USPS envelop, the packaging looked rushed to me. Carelessness at Amazon's part.Problem#2: The original Amazon Fire TV stick box (that contains the Stick and rest of the contents) was shiny and glossy. However, it was scuffed on one side as if someone already tried to tear it open. Again, careless handling, but not a deal breaker "so far".Problem#3: Ignoring all the minor issues, I took out the stick, plugged it on to my TV's HDMI input and connected the power adapter to the wall socket. The Amazon splash screen came on immediately. At this point, I was prompted to connect to a wireless connection. It detected my home WiFi right away and after putting in the passkey, it showed "connection successful". The next thing it did was to check for updated software and it sat there for 15 mins before failing. The error message was "cannot connect to Amazon services. Please check your internet connection or contact us for support...".Problem#4: At this point, I did what any layman would do. Unplugged the stick, unplugged power adapter and plugged in again. Same problem.Problem#5: After jumping through these hoops couple more times, I decided to get help from support. Started a chat session with an agent and after learning about my problem, he told he needed to have someone from the tech support team call me. Received the call right away. The person on the phone sounded like a harassed kid with a weird accent. He could barely sound relevant and seemed to have little knowledge of how to troubleshoot this device (I am a software professional myself and know a thing or two about hardware as well). He asked me to powercycle the stick (see #4 above) which I did,except that this time he asked me to wait for atleast 2 mins before plugging the stick back in. This time, the set up process went a little further while the technician was still on the phone with me.Problem#6: The technician wanted to stay on the call while I made sure everything worked (appreciated!). After I finished the set up of my account, it played a Welcome video. After the video finished playing, it tried to load the "home screen" where it shows the list of movies and videos. Error! 'Unable to connect to amazon services. check your internet connection or try again later". Told the same to the technician. He suggested to reboot my internet router and modem. I reluctantly did the same and the next moment, my internet stopped working. Did Fire TV stick break my internet? As per the technician, I should call my internet provider and he'll check back in a day or so.Problem#7: Disconnected the Amazon support call and called my internet service provider. After spending a couple of hours with different people, finally got my internet to work. Checked it by connecting all my devices (iPad, smartphones and two laptops). Everything checks out fine. Excited that things are working, plugged the stick back in to my TV, connected to my internet and viola, the home screen loaded successfully. Decided to do a search for a TV show I like but the search failed with the exact same error message as prior! I am streaming Live TV on my laptop as I write this review which means I have internet connectivity and there are no problems with it. However, the Fire TV stick is able to connect to my home connection for a few moments and then gets disconnected. It somehow can't stay connected and the only way I have had it connect so far is to power it off, power on again and connect to the network. That too for just a few moments.I am so disappointed in this product that I'm thinking of returning it back and getting a ROKU instead. At least, I'll have peace of mind and I'll get the services I was charged for.
Be forewarned: Detailed essay below.  TLDR version at the bottom.The out-of-box-experience was not particularly special but then again, who cares about that. It was nicely packaged per usual and came with the oversized HDMI device (I say “oversized” because I have been a Google Chromecast user for the past year and was able to compare the two), corresponding charging cable and plug, HDMI extension (very short cable; I can’t foresee a use for this), remote and Amazon branded batteries. The charging cable was a sufficient length for my TV but the plug was a little difficult to maneuver because the prongs kept shutting on me. Most people’s entertainment center cabling is shoved in the back, forgotten and almost inaccessible, which was the same in my case. However, I was able to make it happen.After plugging in the stick, I placed the Amazon fuel cells in the remote which automatically turned on and connected with the fire stick. From then on it was smooth sailing. Automatic scanning for the wireless network took place and I was able to enter the WiFi password with ease thanks to the handy remote. We still use the default password which is printed on the modem so I was able to read the password just outside of the living room and easily enter the password. The remote capability is actually what attracted me to the device since previous Amazon Prime access required either navigating through my Vizio smart TV, which is not the greatest, or a gaming console. I’ve tried both the PS3 and PS4 Prime applications. PS4 navigation is the better of the two but still takes a few minutes to start up. Chromecast does not currently have an Amazon Prime app but even then a secondary device is required to use the device such as a smartphone, tablet or computer. With the fire stick, all that is required is an HDMI connection and wireless internet. Pretty convenient.A cartoon Amazon employee then walked me through Level 1 achievement tasks on the fire stick. It might’ve been helpful but the video was a little long and I get distracted easily. After the walkthrough, my fire stick was already registered to my Amazon Prime account from which I ordered the device.  Apparently, if you obtain the device from another source (i.e. not your Amazon account) then you will have to simply go into your account and register the device. At this point, it was ready for first time use. I didn’t waste any time navigating to the app section and downloading a Netflix plugin. After enter my account information, Netflix navigation was as simple and easy as the Amazon navigation. Thank you, Amazon, for not being bitter.All in all, it’s love at first sight. I believe with all the device’s capabilities, my Chromecast will soon be out of the picture permanently. I will try and update this review within a month to tell all the dirty details but overall I can say, this is a good buy.TLDR: It’s a go for now. Amazon has one-upped Google Chromecast.
First, just let me say I never write reviews because I find that not many things ever live up to their claims. Well this little stick is a whole different story. It does everything it claims to do with more speed and grace then its current competitors. So I kind of feel I am connoisseur of streaming players. I own a Roku 3, Vizio Smart Tv, Xbox one, PS3, Apple TV and a few others through the years and will have to say this one finally got something right. It is user friendly and fast. When I say fast I'm talking this little stick makes my Roku 3 feel like waiting on a slug. You click on a video to watch and its just there almost instantly. The design of the menus are clean and if you want to get real fancy you can put it into developer mode and add all kind of 3rd party apps. I can already tell you the Roku is going up on Ebay and I'm ordering another Fire Stick for the bedroom. It has basically every channel Roku has minus HBO Go but they say that's coming soon and if you have prime you can watch most of the HBO shows anyway. So that's not a issue for me. This thing really won me over in the first 5 Min with its easy setup and fast Wifi ( plus the little video showing you how to work it was a nice add-on). I had bought my father in law a Roku stick about 2 months ago. I spent 4 hours trying to get it to work. The Wifi sucked so bad on it I couldn't keep it connected to the router 5 feet away for longer then a min. Needless to say it went back to the store. The Fire Stick was also boxed nice. I liked the little extra HDMI extender cord it came with. It repeatedly ask you to use the power block it came with for best results but I just have mine plugged into my TVs USB and it powers it just fine with no wires showing. So in saying all that my thought is if your looking for a great little streaming device I really don't think you have to look any farther ....... The Amazon Fire TV Stick is where its at.
I Never write reviews because I have 3 kids and finding time is a kin to finding palladium in my yard...  That being said, I just received my fireTV stick today and after a very fast setup procedure I was up and running!  Folks, I've had them all.  Roku(several models), ChromeCast, AppleTV(2nd gen), and even an Original Xbox with XBMC!  I've loved each of them for various reasons.  I won't go into reviews of any of those to save time.  Speaking of saving time, I plugged my fireTV stick in and magically it had already been setup with my Amazon Prime account which made initial setup such a breeze!I should mention that it worked wonderfully plugged directly into my AV receiver rather than the setup I believe most of you will have of plugging directly into your TV.  It was rather seamless and I have to mention here too that you'll want to use the included USB power adapter for best results.  Easy for me because I have a remote AV closet that everything gets plugged into so that my TV can just be beautiful hanging on the wall in my living room without all of my components and their wires all over the place!  That being said, the remote communicates flawlessly without lag with the fireTV stick through the wall!  I've had some lag issues and even issues where the remotes didn't respond at all through the wall so this was awesome to just have work!Like Roku, there are on screen apps which I love.  Being able to have apps on the actual device has always been nice compared to the Chromecast which literally requires you to use your phone or tablet.  I have a very nice remote that simply works as it should.  Nothing complex.Load times are faster than my latest gen Roku, which honestly really surprised me a lot seeing that it's just a stick.  Amazon Prime Video probably loads the fastest and that shouldn't come as a surprise :)  It was nice to have Amazon videos continue similar to what I'm used to with Netflix on my Roku.  I can now leave the room for longer than 20-30 minutes which is the average length of a kids' educational program, because they play back to back.  Bottom line here is that the device works better than advertised!Bottom line, if you need media on a TV, then this is an amazing choice to say the least.  It meets the competition in most and even steps up and beats the competition in some tasks.  If you need USB input, a card reader, IR-remote capabilities, or some of the other fancy functions, then look elsewhere.  However, consider this for all your needs otherwise.  I was able to get this for $20 early and that was an insane value!  It's clearly worth more than the $40 Amazon wants for it though to be honest.  Chromecast is $35 and doesn't hold a candle to the speed alone that this stick has.
Whoever designed the remote should be shot.Simplicity in design is one thing and is a virtue that all industrial design should try to achieve.However, not including ANY grip features on an all-smooth plastic back or DIRECTION ARROWS on WHICH PIECE should be sliding is MORONIC. Remote design fail.I'll update this review once I figure out how to PUT THE BATTERIES IN!!!Update...30 minutes later....Okay, managed to pry off the battery lid and installed the batteries. Sheesh, talk about dumb design. ARGH! Enough ranting...CONNECTION of the Firestick was surprisingly straightforward and idiot-proof. Connected it to back of my Samsung flatscreen was not too difficult, albeit I had to use the enclosed HDMI extender because of the tight dimensions. A PLUS! Thanks Amazon for including the hdmi extender dongle!WIFI connection was straight forward until it wouldn't connect because my wireless router has MAC filtering on. Had to turn mac filtering off for it to connect. Still haven't figured out where the MAC address of the Firestick is printed or encoded. Will re-enable mac filtering once I find it's mac address.SOFTWARE and USER INTERFACE was surprisingly very well laid out. KUDOS to the user interface team! (I still have a bone to pick with whomever designed the remote control.) All pertinent controls are well placed, Since this is an Amazon product, the Prime Video and related links take center stage. There are links for Movies, TV, Watchlist, Video Library (instant-video movies and tv shows you bought ) Games, Apps, Music, Photos, Settings.I was happily surprised all my Prime iCloud photos showed up and I was able to run a slideshow on my big screen tv!SOFTWARE APPS CHOICE was a bit limited. I'll chuck this up to early adoption syndrome. Hopefully as the product matures, more apps will be available. I was disappointed that VUDU app was not available. While the FLIXSTER app was, VUDU is the other half of the inane marriage that is called the ULTRAVIOLET ecosystem. Some movies only stream via FLIXSTER, some only stream via VUDU, WE NEED BOTH.VIDEO QUALITY streamed from Prime HD sources were surprisingly good. KUDOS Amazon! I cannot say the same about FLIXSTER stream quality. Quite dissapointed with Flixster stream quality. Much compression and artifacts. Boohoo!Video quality from NETFLIX is comparable to Prime HD, pretty good. Yay NETFLIX !OVERALL IMPRESSION is a good buy! For the money spent $19 (two day launch special) even $39 price is a good deal; I find this a very good value! Small inconspicuous, inexpensive device that can add new life to HDMI capable tvs.HIGHLY RECCOMMENDED
The Fire TV Stick is perhaps the easiest and definitely the smallest streaming device I've tried.  It comes pre-loaded with your Amazon account number, although, as with the Kindle, that can be changed by a gift recipient.  All you need to do is insert it into a HDMI port on your TV, plug it in (more on that later), and connect to your home network. You're instantly connected to Amazon content.  Other media sources such as Netflix, Hulu Plus, and Classic TV need to be downloaded, signed into if applicable, before use.I ordered the Fire Stick when it was first announced so I wasn't entirely clear on how it worked.  The page said that for best results, I would need to plug it into a wall outlet.  Since I was trying to minimize wires in a guest room to make a non-smart TV wireless, I figured I could deal with degraded speed.  When I received the Stick, however, it quickly became apparent that it requires power to work.  The problem is that the power cord is short and would need an extension cord.  Plus, I had yet another black cable running down the wall.  I tested it first plugged into the wall outlet.  The streamed video was crisp and lag-free.  So then I plugged the USB end of the Stick into my LG TV.  Surprise!  The TV supplied enough power to run the Stick without any noticeable degradation.  Note:  Not all TVs will necessarily have enough power or even a USB port.Due to its thickness, inserting the Fire TV Stick directly into an HDMI port can be tricky, if not impossible.  For that reason, Amazon includes a dongle that hang off the port and connect to the Stick.  The included remote (non-voice activated) does not need a line of sight to reach the Stick.  The remote works perfectly, even with the Stick completely obscured by the TV screen.If your TV already has internet-connectivity and the apps to support streaming, then there's no reason to get the Fire Stick.  It has basically the same functions as a Roku but in a smaller, less obtrusive package.  I find that it's a great way to convert a TV without built-in WiFi to what resembles a Smart TV.-- Debbie Lee Wesselmann
Like many, I purchased a couple of these at the introductory price of $19 on impulse. I already own a Roku and several Chromecasts and I cut the cable years ago, so they don't fill any particular need. It was curiosity and the low introductory price that motivated me to give one a try. I'll likely keep the other unopened and give it as a stocking stuffer.In addition to some initial impressions after having this for a little over a week I'll also compare it to the Chromecast since Amazon seems to be targeting it as a direct competitor to Google's streaming stick.My first impression upon opening the box was that the Fire Stick is unusually long. It is around an inch longer than either the Chromecast or Roku stick. If you plug it directly into one of your television's HDMI ports you may find that it sticks out more than you wish. You can, however, use the included short extension cable which allows it to lie flat against the television instead. The micro-USB jack (for connecting the power supply cable) is located at an odd location on one of the edges about halfway up the length, unlike the Roku and Chromecast which both have the jack on the outer end. This also should be a non-issue for setup if you use the included HDMI extension.You do need to connect it to an A/C adapter (either the included one or another capable of supplying 1A current) plugged into an outlet rather than a USB data port since the Fire Stick's requirements exceed the maximum current spec for a USB port, which is 500mA or half of the Fire Stick's rating. You may get lucky if you try to use a USB port as some have reported but that's probably not the best way to set it up. You may need a longer USB cable than the 6' one supplied depending on the proximity of your television to a free outlet.I had none of the issues with initial setup as a number of others seem to be having. It found and connected to the Wifi and began its initialization routines without incident. I concur that the video tutorial and software update were annoying, but it was over in twenty minutes and hopefully will not need to be repeated - until the next firmware update that is.The remote has the same functionality as the Roku's: basically just content menu navigation and play/pause controls. It won't turn on the television, switch HDMI inputs if necessary and control playback volume. I had hoped that the Fire Stick would be CEC compliant which would enable these additional functions via the remote but after trying it repeatedly that does not seem to be the case. There is also an android remote app (not iOS yet) but it just emulates the Fire Stick's "dumb" remote functions on a smartphone, with the addition of Amazon's proprietary but limited voice search functionality. I found find this voice search function useless since I regularly watch content from other sources that are not included in Amazon's searches.Navigating the Fire Stick's homescreen and menus is fairly straightforward but can get very tedious depending on what you want to do. It will take at least ten clicks to open an app that does not appear on the `Recent' carousel for instance. Amazon content, of course, is much easier to find and launch. Loading new non-Amazon apps (14+ clicks) was not difficult except for having to log in to each individually using only the remote and various on-screen keyboards.I've watched a number of videos from different sources and all performed equally well. The Fire Stick supports maximum 1080P HD video like its competitors and Dolby Digital Plus sound, which I believe is unique to it. The picture quality was very good on everything and it takes similar amounts of time to load and begin playing a selection as the Roku or Chromecast devices. Amazon claims that Amazon videos will sometimes load faster than the others as a result of its `ASAP' prefetching feature, but I'm not a heavy consumer of Amazon Prime video and haven't noticed any difference yet. I also consider that feature to be a huge negative since it consumes extra internet bandwidth and data in order to download content you may not want, with no apparent way to turn it off.It's been stated in several reviews that the Stick doesn't work when plugged directly into an A/V receiver rather than a television. I haven't tried that yet but will update this review when I do. I'm not sure how you can take full advantage of the DD+ (7.1 surround specifically) if you have to plug it into a television since even the ones with optical outputs only support 5.1 surround. If you're considering this for a home theater setup you may want to wait until this is sorted out or explained better than I can.App selection is more than adequate but you may find it limiting if you're used to Roku, Apple TV or Chromecast. It's clearly optimized to make your experience viewing Amazon videos and listening to Amazon music better than with other sources. And if your personal music collection is in either the iTunes or Google clouds you are out of luck unless you first transfer it to the Amazon cloud.One impression I have is that this product feels a little rough and unfinished. The fact that the first devices off the line immediately needed a major firmware upgrade tells me that manufacturing ramped up prematurely before the firmware was fully finished and QA'ed. One of the features that was stated in the ad when I purchased it was the ability to connect to hotel wifi networks with login screens. Now it's listed as "Coming Soon". There are also a few odd bugs and quirks. For instance, I can't seem use the back button on the remote to exit from the Netflix or YouTube apps - you can only exit them with the home button. I've run into other minor bugs that are inconsequential but annoying.One feature that I use heavily with other streaming devices is screen mirroring from my phone or tablet. That essentially allows me to cast ANY videos, music, photos, etc that I can see or hear on my other device to the big screen. It's not as convenient as streaming from apps since it ties up the device being mirrored and uses more bandwidth for some things, but it adds a tremendous variety of options for using a streaming device.The Fire Stick will do screen mirroring with some newer Amazon Kindle Fires but also lists compatibility with android devices as a feature. After testing this capability quite a bit I have mixed reactions. The function does exist, and when it is working the video and audio quality are very good. But it's also somewhat difficult to enable, takes a relatively long time to connect with a device and seems to occasionally freeze or display a black screen. And from two different android devices the Fire Stick sometimes shows up in the detected devices list and sometimes doesn't. You may have better luck using this capability with a Kindle Fire HDX device than I've had with android.All in all it's a very capable streaming device and a bargain at $19. At $39 though I don't think I would have purchased it unless I didn't already have other alternatives. There is just nothing really unique or of higher value than the other streaming devices. If Amazon Prime is your primary source of video entertainment and your music collection is on the Amazon cloud then I would highly recommend it. I give it three stars.Fire TV Stick vs ChromecastWith everything considered I don't think this will be a Chromecast killer if that's what Amazon was hoping for. Each device will have its own niche and Chromecast will probably remain amazon.com's bestseller for the time being even though it's nearly a year and a half old at this point. Here are some of the specific  pros, cons and differences for those trying to decide:Wifi: Fire Stick supports dual band wifi, Chromecast supports only 2.4GHz. This may be important if you live in an area with high congestion on the 2.4GHz bands.Core apps: Fire Stick has native Amazon Prime and Amazon Music apps. Chromecast supports these only through screen mirroring (or `tab casting' from a PC). Chromecast has native Google Play Music, Google Play Movies and Television, HBO-Go and Vudu apps. Fire Stick supports these only through screen mirroring. Both support native Netflix, Hulu, Pandora and many other popular apps.Remote: Fire Stick comes with standard Roku-like remote. Chromecast uses an existing PC, tablet or smartphone to "cast" videos or music playlists to the screen.Pros (Fire Stick): You can leave the remote by the television and not need cell phone or tablet nearby. People without smartphones or uncomfortable with using apps can learn it more easily. Better for homes with small children (if you want them using the television that is).Pros (Chromecast): Smartphone has more functionality than remote. Can turn on the television and set to correct HDMI input (due to CEC compatibility mentioned earlier). Can control playback volume. Allows multiple users to queue up content and cast to it. Can use Google Voice Search (android only) within ANY video or music app. Multitasking - allows previewing next selection while current one is playing. Less remote clutter in the living room if you are averse to adding to the existing pile of remotes.Cons (Fire Stick): You really need TWO remotes - the Fire Stick remote and another to turn the set on, switch sources and control volume.Cons (Chromecast): Confusing to some. If the person who started the movie leaves you lose the playback controls on their phone (although the movie keeps playing).Screen Mirroring (android): Both have it. Easier and more reliable with Chromecast. Fire Stick requires sixteen additional clicks with the remote just to enable screen mirroring, while Chromecasts are always enabled and visible to mirroring devices. Only a differentiator if you rely heavily on this capability.Power: Fire Stick requires AC adapter, Chromecast can use either adapter or USB port on television. Probably not a big deal to most.Using with home theater surround systems: Chromecast is compatible with A/V receivers, the jury is still out on Fire Stick.And that's about it. I'm sure I will learn more as I continue using it. I'm particularly interested in finding out how well sideloading unsupported apps will work on this device. I've had mixed results doing so with Kindle Fires. Please comment if you see any errors and I will try to keep it up to date. Thanks.Update 1: I forgot to mention that Chromecast also has a huge advantage for those who want to connect to audio-only systems through a streaming device with an audio extractor. It works well with Chromecast but you just can't do it with the Fire Stick. There is no way to navigate menus without an attached television or monitor even if you use the smartphone remote app. Two of my Chromecasts are connected this way to powered speaker systems (one outside on the patio) so there is no way the Fire Stick could replace these.Update 2: Apparently the Fire Stick can also turn on the television and switch it to the correct HDMI input, but only if you first put it into "sleep" mode manually or wait 30 minutes after the last use. It would be far more useful if CEC mode were always enabled. You would still need the second remote for volume control though.Update 3: Amazon has reportedly confirmed that the Fire TV Stick is NOT designed to work when plugged directly into A/V receivers. This can be a problem for home theater setups and also would seem to render the Dolby Digital Plus advantage which Amazon touts irrelevant.Update 4: The Wifi performance on the Fire Stick is abysmal. I moved it to a bedroom about 25 feet from the router and it won't connect at all on 5GHz and buffers constantly on 2.4GHz. Other devices have no problem streaming HD video in the same room. I'm downgrading to two stars and contemplating returning it.
As an Amazon Prime member, I got an offer for early access to the new Amazon Fire TV “stick”, which is a small device which plug into an HDMI port on your HDTV. Since I’ve never been happy about my Apple TV, I decided it was worth a try.Here’s my experience.Unboxing was nice. Simple, clean packaging. Couple devices, cable, batteries.The Fire TV device doesn’t get power via HDMI, so it requires an external cable. The cabling is too short, and connector has the cable at the wrong angle. The cable is 4-5′ long and should be more like 7′. And the power plug looks like a AC/USB type connector, but the mini-USB portion is on the side, not the top, so it’s a hassle to plug into any power strip that has a bunch of existing plugs.Initial setup was simple. Plug it in, Fire TV tries to find the WiFi SSID, then enter the WiFI password.Fire TV initially tried upgrading software – this failed, and then told me to unplug/power-off.Another software upgrade attempt. Completed, rebooted.Another software upgrade; required another WiFi password with different keyboard. It seems that they changed the keyboard layout between versions of software. Of note, they changed how capital letters were entered.Fire TV was able to communicate with Amazon.com and it knew that this device was registered to my Amazon Prime account. Nice job by Amazon. Will be interesting to see what happens if I need to return/exchange the physical device to see if it updates the registration.The device is now working after 3 software updates.Introduction Video. Nicely done. Simple, easy to understand. Basically a walk-through of the remote, plus an ad to buy Amazon Prime.Fire TV includes integration with 5Gb of Google Drive. Was sort of surprised it wasn’t liked to an AWS S3 services, but I suppose this is because S3 isn’t really an en-user consumer service (eg. Google Drive, Dropbox, One Drive, etc.)FireTV comes with a simple remote. There is also a remote app for Android and Amazon Fire Phone (not yet available on iOS). This include the voice-activated features, which replace search. It may also have some cool console-level functionality for games.2nd Screen capable with Fire Tablet or FireTV app. I don’t have one of these devices, so I couldn’t test this.Have to “download” certain apps, such as NetFlix, Hulu Plus. Not sure how big the device is in terms of capacity and how many apps can be downloaded. After downloading a few, I suspect this is just a small chunk of code and most of it runs in the AWS cloud.Had to adjust the TV sizing for NetFlix – not auto-detecting the screen size or screen display settings. Was fairly simple – they gave you arrows on the screen and you just made sure they fit within the screen display.NetFlix login uses QWERTY keypad – yet another keypad for account entry (others were alphabetical). Sort of odd that Amazon doesn’t mandate any user-experience consistency.NetFlix navigation is different than on AppleTV – no concept of a “home” button – home button on FireTV (within NetFlix app) takes you all the way back to FireTV home screen.The games are decent. They aren’t high-end console quality, but most are free and seem to be of the quality of the early Wii games, which is good enough for young kids. And no extra consoles or controllers to buy.I’ve been playing with it for a couple days. After some of the initial setup hickups, it seems like a nice device. The responsiveness is better than an Apple TV, and the UI (while still clunky from the native remote), is still better than an Apple TV. Buying things off Amazon Prime, such as HD movies, is very simple and it’s great that they play immediately – vs the long download times from Apple. Makes the kids happy, especially during holiday breaks and bad weather.Overall I’d give it a thumbs up and a good value for under $40. Hopefully they release the iOS remote soon and I’ll be a much happier user.Nicely done Amazon.
Unbeatable for the price I paid ($20 special deal).  Highly recommended and 4 stars if Amazon ever offers that deal again.  I'd rate it 3-4 stars at the normal price, because I expect Amazon will eventually fix a couple of the "cons" I listed.Pros:1. Much more responsive than Roku 2.  I have a Roku 2, and I've been getting increasingly frustrated with it, especially when using Netflix.  Netflix is almost always unresponsive on the Roku 2.  I remove a movie from my watch list, and it stays in the list for minutes.  I click on a movie/show on the Roku 2 and 5 times out of 10, it doesn't respond at all for 30-seconds to two minutes.  And at least once per month, Netflix (or any other channel) freezes the Roku, requiring a reboot.2. It has a nice user interface, though it's not always intuitive.3. I can play a game on the Fire TV Stick that I downloaded from the Android app store for my Android phone.  It apparently plays many of those games.  That was a nice surprise.Cons:1. The remote is flimsy, and it often overshoots when I try to select the next movie (or whatever).  Yes, you can use your phone as a remote, but I'm not crazy about that.  And yes, the phone remote adds voice recognition, which would be nice if I ever think to use it.  The one great thing about using the phone remote is that you can use it to type things like your WiFi password.  My password is very complex, so it was a real bonus for me.2. Fewer channels than the Roku, but I really only use a few, mainly Netflix and Hulu Plus, so this is not a con for me.  It may be for you.3. If I switch the HDMI input on my TV away from the stick, the Fire TV Stick doesn't seem to come back on when I switch back.  I have to cycle through the HDMI inputs a second time to get it to respond.4. My Internet speed has been flaky lately (I'm going to switch providers). On the Roku, I get the "loading" progress bar occasionally during a show.  That's annoying.  On the Fire TV Stick, I get a circle progress for re-buffering, but mostly it just stutters, which isn't as annoying -- EXCEPT, I get a buzzing noise when it stutters for a second or more.  That's incredibly annoying.Even with the 4 cons, I find it preferable to the Roku 2, especially at the price.
Like many others, I actually will have two of these. One purchased at Best Buy for $25 on sale, the other coming soon from Amazon from the original sale offering at $20.  The Amazon unit will apparently be pre-provisioned, as the Best Buy unit indicated it was my Fire Stick 2.Again, agreeing with other reviews, this is a very fine and inexpensive way to view Amazon Prime videos and also Netflix.  It does provide 5.1 DD sound and picture quality seems good.  I would give my Apple TV a slight edge for Netflix.Beyond that I have had issues.  First, even though this is supposed to support Miracast, i am unable to get my Miracast enabled Windows 8.1 laptop to work with this machine. I hope a future update fixes that.  One commenter to another thread made a not particularly helpful remark about how Miracast is only for Android units, but thai is simply incorrect. I sure hope that Amazon works this out.Second, I have been unable to get my Logitech harmony hub to pair with the device.  Again, I hope Logitech and Amazon work this out.Third, Showtime does not receive support from Comcast Xfinity on this unit.  Showtime does support my Apple TV.  My goal is to have this unit go on the road. So I hope Amazon, Showtime, and Comcast work this out.  I certainly hope that HBO, Amazon, and Comcast work this out when HBO Go support is announced.In short, this is a simply way to view Amazon prime videos in 5.1.  I can't get Prime in 5.1 on my HTPC, and there is no Amazon prime support on Apple TV so far, and Airplay from an Ipad does not support 5.1 to the Apple TV.  So that is good.I have not tested the sideloaded apps for providing Airplay on the Fire TV stick or XBMC.  My sense is that those have some issues from reading reviews.  I hope those issues also get ironed out.So for now I would say this is a reasonable unit for Amazon Prime Videos and Netflix, and at a moderate price point that is OK for now.  There are many loose ends beyond that and I hope most get addressed over time.
I got the Fire Stick for the Prime introductory price of $19 so had to give it a try. I have the Chromecast and a Roku 1 & 2. I had some interference on the remote in my TV stand and had to move it to the back of my TV, which stinks because I can't make use of my home theater. I'll get an HDMI extension cable and hopefully get past that issue.I will say that the interface is not nearly as nice as the Roku. Getting to Netflix or HuluPlus is just not as easy, not that it's a huge deal just not beating Roku. I am not seeing any speed advantage of the Fire Stick over the Roku either, I think there is just too much going on in the UI for it to be really snappy. I guess the app is ok, but I'm not a huge fan, the search is meh, notincluding Netflix is annoying as well as the interface requiring you toclick select after the search even if you only get one result.On the positives, it is kinda nice having my Amazon Music I have readily available. The Amazon Cloud picture screensaver is awesome, I just have my phone and my wife's phone auto-backup all pictures to Amazon, if only video storage didn't cost so much. The games are kinda neat on the Firestick if they run with it, especially the board game Fibbage. The Firestick device acts as the "console" and each player's phone is the "controller" for the game. Really neat, I could see this being a big selling point, but at the moment the library is quite small. More 2-8 player interactive games using the Firestick Amazon!Over the Roku, the only solid advantages are the picture screensaver (Roku still doesn't have a good one), and the games. Although, to be fair, I've never tried to play games on the Roku. Over the Chromecast, there is no ground made by the Firestick. We use the Chromecast all the time. When you have young kids you can go outside, work on something, the kids can yell out they want to watch something, and you can put it on remotely. Often times it's some Youtube how-to draw video, a bunch of music videos they want to dance to, or could be a Netflix show or whatever. Chromecast is indispensable in our house and the Firestick has done nothing to unseat it. So on my TV, the Roku and Chromecast still rein supreme, Firestick might end up on a basement TV at the moment, but certainly not counting it out.
It is really amazing what you can do with a tiny HDMI dongle such as this for only $40. I really resisted buying this for a really long time because of my affinity for stock Android. But when I saw what an unpolished product the Nexus Player and other Android TV devices turned out to be, I pulled the trigger.Boy am I glad I did. The interface is very slick and simple to navigate. The picture quality of streaming video services such as Netflix and Amazon Prime is exceptional. I have other streaming devices in my home and none of their video streams look as clear and sharp as the Fire Stick, and my fire stick is the furthest device from my router in my house.Cons: Quick and simple cons are that the remote does not support voice search, and the Fire Stick does not support bluetooth devices such as headphones or keyboards/mice. I had a small bluetooth keyboard/trackpad device that I wanted to use but the Fire stick does not support those functions. The more expensive Fire TV does support these functions though.Another con is no Chromecast support. Instead of including this, Amazon is foolishly pushing their own version of Chromecast technology. It would be nice if Amazon would stop playing these games and just include such simple and open source tech.The other major con hides a significant PRO. Luckily, you can side load apps, which is how I got Kodi media player installed. Unfortunately, side-loaded apps do not show up in the main app menu. In order to access the app, you need to either dive down through layers of settings menus to launch it, or hack in a shortcut by installing a "dummy" app from the app store and then reprogramming that app to launch Kodi instead.Besides these few cons, it is really hard to complain about the versatility and performance you get from this thing for only FOURTY BUCKS! It really is a steal and it has effectively replaced my Chromecast.
Clever idea and works great!  I have moved all over the country and found great memories in the live streaming radio stations from the different areas where I have lived. I "cut the cord" several years ago, but found myself missing ESPN. There is a live ESPN streaming app that looks just like HD cable!  There is occasional buffering during peak periods, but I have a dozen devices running all of the time.  I watched the Iron Bowl (Alabama vs Auburn) on the Fire stick last night and it was crystal clear high def!  I appreciated it even more because the game was not on broadcast TV (remember, no cable at my house), only ESPN. There are some fantastic interactive weather apps as well. Actually, there are a TON of cool apps, I just found a few that I really liked and downloaded.  I didn't see anything about memory use, so it must use cloud storage. I didn't really read up on it too much before buying it; once I saw the "mirror display" feature, I just ordered it.Cool feature is the "mirror display" with my Kindle Fire HDX.  ANYTHING that is on my Kindle (feature only works with certain Kindle models, read up about it) will now show up on my big screen TV: books, games, apps, pictures, videos, web surfing!  This is a really neat gadget!  The mirror display took about 20 minutes to figure out, but once you get it, it hooks up afterwards within 10 seconds. The key was going to my Fire HDX Options screen for Display and making the Kindle "Discoverable." Once I did that, the Fire TV Stick recognized it and "paired it" to the stick.  I moved it to different TVs and it worked right away without any extra steps needed for it to function.The remote is fairly simple, but works like a champ!  I've been using this for about a week and it's been flawless. Best $20 I've spent in a while. I've heard others say the Fire TV Box ($100) is better, but I have ZERO complaints with the Stick.Important Note - the range of the stick is perhaps the only weak link.  It is 25 feet from my router with a clear line of sight.  But, if I open the refrigerator door (it's between the two), the signal drops until the door is closed again.  I'm not bothered by it, but some probably will see it as a negative. Maybe the Fire TV Box has a more robust receiver. But really, whaddaya want for $20?
CAUTION:  THERE IS AN OVERHEATING ISSUE.  IF THIS SHOULD OCCUR, UNPLUG, ALLOW TO COOL, AND PLUG BACK IN.  IF THE PROBLEM PERSISTS, IMMEDIATELY UNPLUG AND RETURN TO AMAZON. This means hot and not warm.  The device will be warm because it is carrying a continual current, which isn't well insulated.Review for amazon fire TV and 2 amazon fire TV sticks.I recommend the Roku 3 over these units any day.I was attracted to these units due to its voice feature, but it can only be used in the search mode, and it only works to search in amazon.  For the fire TV stick, I purchased the voice remotes at an additional cost.Yes, I know this is an amazon product, but they made it difficult to use the other apps.You will need to create an amazon account if you do not have oneFirst, you automatically open up in amazon. That is fine if you don't want to use other apps; it also wouldn't be bad if your apps went into the app library, but for some reason they don't always go there. I also had a lot of difficulty with getting Netflix to download on the Amazon Fire TV. We had to do a factory reset, and after some searching I was able to find and download Netflix, which never went into the app library. (It was suppose to be in the app library from the very start, but it has NEVER appeared there, not even after being downloaded.). Netflix also keeps disappearing, so I continually have to find it download it again and enter my account information. I have contacted customer service, but they feel like the problem is fixed, since I can download Netflix again and again and again.The Roku appears to search all or MOST of my apps for the movies or shows I want. It tells me the prices or where I can get it for free. The amazon doesn't have this feature. (I know it searches VUDU, Amazon, Netflix and Hulu Plus all at one time.)Ok, I can imagine everyone shaking their heads and thinking I got a dud. In that case, I got three duds, because I also ordered two amazon fire TV sticks, and they each were flawed in different ways. On one, it wouldn't download the software at first. Then it took two hours to download. On the other, it wouldn't download the software at first, but then I got it to work quickly (no slow download issues). The second one had the same problem as the amazon fire TV had with the Netflix, but this time it was with Hulu Plus. So there are definite quality issues. (I also set them all up on the same TV, so it wasn't related to my hardware.). All of the flaws were due to poor quality issues with the amazon products.Also, the Fire Sticks, while plugged directly into the TV, still require a power cord be attached to them to work.As for the search features on the amazon fires, it doesn't allow you to search genres in just prime.  You get everything, both the pay TV and prime (as far as I can tell).Overall, I would recommend the Roku 3 over amazon, net gear, chromecast, Sony (or other DVDs based media), or apple. While this is a great device if you only want to use amazon, it has many irritating flaws that still need debugging. However, for overall all performance and selection, I would suggest the Roku 3.
Meh. I bought this for one of our TVs when it was on sale for $19. I'm glad I didn't pay more. First of all, I was not expecting to have to plug this into a power outlet as well as HDMI. The instructions say that "for best performance" you should plug it in. Actually, it should have said "for performance", because the Fire TV stick will not even function unless it's plugged into AC power. Then came the network connection ordeal. I have 4 different WiFi access points, and they are all well in range of the Fire TV stick. When it first powered up I connected it to the Guest WiFi, and it happily downloaded a firmware update (which took a fairly long time to install). Once it rebooted after the update, it made me re-enter my WiFi credentials, which I found annoying. But worse, it would no longer connect. I tried 3 different access points and it would sit there for 30 seconds and ask for the password again. Finally my 4th access point (5.0GHz) worked. Just for fun I decided to switch back to another one, and this time it worked. Amazon has some serious work to do with its "hassle free" setup procedure. It's horrible.Then there's the parental controls. When setting it up it asks if you want to enable parental controls so you need a PIN to rent or buy movies and apps. I said "yes", because I don't want my kids to rent or buy stuff willy-nilly. But then I noticed that anytime I wanted to play something out of my video library - stuff I had already purchased - it asked me for the PIN. This is insanity.The only reason I have this thing 3 stars instead of 2 is because the interface is fairly slick, and the remote app for Android has voice search, which is really nice. I don't regret buying this but I would not buy another one, nor would I recommend it to a friend, not at $19 and certainly not at $39. Pay just a little more and get a Roku.
♠ Content - 3/5I have been an Amazon Prime member since 2009 but have very few movies, songs, photos, etc. stored into my Amazon account. The Fire TV Stick centers around that content and the use of Prime's Instant Video content, so it's not tailored to everyone. Of course, if you have other on-demands streaming accounts, such as Netflix and HuluPlus, the Stick covers those as well. In fact, the Stick, Chromecast, and Roku offer about the same services, with the Stick adding HBO GO in the near future.♠ Delivery and Setup - 3/5As did most people, I received the Stick about a week before the estimated delivery date. I like that Amazon has been over-delivering on their shipping. The product was extremely easy to set up, similar to the Chromecast. However, the placement of the cord on the HDMI plug-in is on top of the plug-in, which depending on your TV's HDMI ports, may block you from keeping other HDMI devices plugged in. In my case, I could barely plug in the HDMI and the USB, since the ports are next to each other (see picture). The wiring is definitely not as elegant as Chromecast.♠ Installation - 2/5Next, was the actual installation, which was very wonky. I installed Chromecast months ago, when I had much slower Internet speeds, and that took less than 5 minutes. For the Stick, I entered my Wi-Fi credentials and then waited for the "Downloading Updates" to finish. It looked stuck there and eventually said "Could Not Update". I unplugged, re-plugged, and restarted everything and then the download screen started. The download was taking so long that I was on edge and was about to call Amazon. I'm on much faster Internet speeds now, around 100mbps from 10mpbs, and it still took 2 hours. I went to take a shower, heated up some food, and watched two episodes of Friends, which streamed absolutely fine from my laptop.♠ Interface - 4/5Finally, it was done updating and installing. While I was heating up food, I didn't even notice that the intro video started so I missed half of that. Fortunately, the interface is very straightforward to use and is mostly reliant on the remote. There is a left sidebar to scroll between Prime, Videos, Music, Photos, etc. and then a hover option for different categories on the right. My only complaint is that the font and size of the hovered option is extremely large.♠ Control Options - 3/5The phone app is very good and there are voice control options on a different remote. However, I was unable to start videos from my laptop and couldn't find any instruction online, so that was a struggle. The remote is somewhat unnecessary and simplistic, and I hate that it uses 2 AAA batteries, as if we all have so many lying around. I recommend the phone app if you also do not like 100 battery-operated remotes.♠ Speed - 3/5The Stick is supposed to be dual-core and twice the memory of Chromecast and Roku, yet I'm having much slower streaming and reaction speeds. I tested a free video, a free game, and a movie downloaded ages ago. Each time, there was some buffering or a delayed reaction. At the same time, I was watching Friends and other videos on my laptop, which streamed fine. I also tried Chromecast again and it continuously streamed. The buffering happens about 5-10 throughout a 30-minute video so it's not too bad but of course, still a nuisance. I'm still not entirely sure why the speed has been so slow.♠ Price - 3/5I took advantage of the Prime member special at $19, so the price was unbeatable. The normal retail price is $39, which I can see some competitive problems when Chromecast is $35 and Roku is $49. In all honestly, I would not have paid more than $19 for the Stick since the product is not new or innovative, and it really provides convenience to a select few who actively use and download Prime content. Also, I was very disappointed with the organization of free content, which is mostly trailers and snippets of movie premieres from 2010 and before.Overall, as someone without a Smart TV and who had good times with Chromecast, I would have not even considered the Stick at its normal price. It would have been a tough sell. Also, since I'm not an active user of Prime content and Amazon constantly emails to check it out, I wanted to use this opportunity to explore what it has to offer. The cost of shows and movies are so expensive that it's just better to get a streaming service for the price of 1 video per month. There are a bunch of bugs that still need to be worked out in order to better compete with Chromecast and Roku.You should consider the Stick if:1) you actively use Prime content,2) you do not currently own an HDMI device, and/or3) you really do not like Chromecast or Roku.Otherwise, the Stick is late to the game and for someone with a functioning HDMI device and rarely uses Prime content, it can be excessive and unnecessary.
I got this for the special $19 pre-sale and now I want another one and it is $39 and won't be available until Jan. 15th. I wish I'd bought 2 or 3, but I did want to try it out first. Already, I am very impressed with the speed of operation. We've watched movies on Netflix on the same TV before, using the LG TV interface, and it would always have to buffer and buffer throughout the film. We've already watched numerous shows and movies with the Fire with no buffering after the initial loading of the video.The Amazon Prime interface is much better than what comes through with the LP TV app. On that, I do not have my Watch List available (though it is available on another set box we have in the bedroom.) I also tried Netflix via Fire, trying to watch the same movie I had in Prime, to see if it buffered more. It was OK, but we went back to watching it on Prime because it seemed faster.I did have difficulty initially, updating the software before it could start working.  Twice it ran update for about 40 minutes and then crashed, "unable to update."  I called Amazon and spoke with a girl who didn't seem to be much of a techie, but she must have read from her "list of tips" that I might be getting interference from other plug-ins to the TV and that I should use the short HDMI extender cable that came with it. I plugged that in and it immediately did the trick. This TV is farthest away from my modem, so the internet probably wasn't getting the strongest signal.I'm still getting used to using the very light little remote and trying to smoothly get around everything. But it is quite fast gliding through the rental choices. There is plenty of free stuff to choose from with a Prime membership, and better quality than a lot of Netflix offerings (which I might drop if I can live without House of Cards!)The only other issue I've had is in pause/rewind/fast forward. It is really fast and a bit difficult to get to the spot I want. Twice I have tried pausing or rewinding, and I end up with an on screen message that I have lost my Internet Connection. This could be a problem with a drop in my service, but since it has only happened when I'm rewinding or trying to pause, I'm not sure that is really the connection. It has taken a bit of clicking around, going out, coming back in, checking the internet connection (which it says in strong) before I can get back to the video.All in all though, this little gadget is great and I won't be using my LG TV interface anymore!
As a Prime member, I was excited to try this product out, as it offered a simple/easy way to play unlimited "prime" movies/tv shows, plus a ton of other features that already existed in the Chromecast. I love my Chromecast, and bought on for each room in my house.Pros:-Handy remote is really cool and convenient-When it comes to Prime videos, this product does extremely well. The integration, the "Watchlist", the continuous playing (for TV shows), etc... they're all there.-The screensaver is pretty nice. Instead of just showing nice pictures (scenery and such) it actually pans or zooms out to make it seem like the scenes are moving.-Spotify "app", which the Chromecast does not have integration with [yet?]. NOTE: I know you can use the web player for Spotify and "cast" the tab, but it's not the same as having true integration within the apps. Google Play Music looks infinitely better on the Chromecast due to the album art and info displayed on the screen.Cons:-While it integrates really well with it's own products (Prime), all the "additional" features such as Netflix and Hulu are "apps". That means you have to download them and launch the specific app to use it. This means you cannot "add" Netflix movies or Hulu shows to the really nice "Watchlist".-Although it has more "horsepower" than the Chromecast, I really don't see the need/purpose. The Chromecast handles all the same things at half the specs. But more "specs" isn't really the con here; it's that I can launch and play things like Netflix and YouTube MUCH faster with the Chromecast. This means I get to see my shows and switch between what's on the Chromecast much faster. The Fire Stick relies on "apps"-YouTube casting is so much easier on the Chromecast. Typically I'm browsing on my computer and want to put it on my TV, I can just cast it. With the Fire Stick, I would need to turn on the Fire Stick, use the remote to open the YouTube apps, search for the video I want, then play it. The searching is the tough part. Have you ever searched for a video and found 50 versions with the same "preview" pick? You now have to search through and find WHO posted the video so you can get the right one. Blagh!Conclusion:If you're a heavy Prime user (movies/TV), then you can't beat the Fire Stick; there's just no easier way to browser, add, and watch Prime content. However, if you like Netflix, YouTube, and Google Music/Movies, then the Chromecast is better. Both will continue to add more content to their respective products; however, I think Amazon needs to built-up their integration a bit more so that they don't rely on "apps" so much. I think if they can get all the different "video" content integrated into their "browse" and "watchlist" sections, they'll be in a MUCH better position.
I've been using a Panasonic blu-ray with apps for quite some time. While it does work, it's definitely not the fastest thing out there- it usually takes a good 2-3 minutes to load up Netflix and sometimes cuts out due to connection slow-down.There are a lot of streaming boxes and sticks out there, but to date nothing has really gotten me to fork it over and pay for it. I finally sprang for Fire TV Stick for two reasons: the very low introductory price of $19 made it a 'shoot, why the heck not' impulse purchase, and the promise of integration with the Fire TV Remote app. I have a Logitech harmony remote that has worked out fine so far, but it's starting to get a bit on the clumsy side due to too many managed devices. Plus, the darn thing is always missing since the baby started walking around. I like the idea of being able to use an app to control things.Having used the real thing now, I can say that this is a really decent device even for the standard going price of $40.The Fire TV Stick comes with five components: a HDMI fob, a remote (batteries included), a power adapter, micro USB power cable, and HDMI flex cable. You need the secondary power hookup for it to work- HDMI does not draw enough power to keep the stick running on its own. The power cable is a good length, however, and the adapter is a nice collapsible low-profile unit. I've seen some complaints about this setup and yes- it would be nicer if you didn't need external power- but I for one don't plan on carrying this thing around with me everywhere I go so it's not a huge issue.Setup with the included remote is very straightforward. The stick requires WiFi to work of course, and if you have WiFi you really should be able to set this up with no hassle- it's not harder than connecting any other device. Once you have it running, you can download the Fire TV app (so far only Android) and connect it as long as your phone is using the same WiFi network. I do recommend users do this, as it's a lot easier to use the app than the remote- including voice search functionality, swipe navigation, and virtual keyboard. This also makes it largely unnecessary to buy the full Fire TV remote as it does the same thing. The app works very well in general- Amazon gets top marks for implementation, though iOS users are currently out of luck.Straight up, the speed and responsiveness of Fire TV stick is impressive. It's especially fast at loading and streaming Amazon content, so if you're already invested in Amazon TV and music it's basically an ideal device. Of course, if you are you probably already own a Fire TV box- unless you were a cheapo like myself. The voice searching works great, but only for Amazon content. You can access other stuff through apps, e.g. Netflix, Pandora, Hulu Plus- but have to resort to virtual keyboard to search those. The device clearly has a decent CPU and RAM, as it loads apps and app content very rapidly- as quickly as a high end tablet.One thing to bear in mind is that this system makes it VERY easy to buy Amazon content. I've already accidentally bought at least one title thinking it was free to stream- you can very quickly click through things and if you don't read carefully you end up hitting 'buy and watch' instead of 'watch' without even realizing it. Set a PIN if you're worried about accidental purchases.Overall, this is a very good streaming solution. Seeing how it performs, I'd not hesitate to buy it for $40. At the introductory promo price, it was an absolute steal. There probably will be future promotions as Amazon cannot help but profit from the use of these things (it does showcase their content) but it's a great device for the price any way you look at it.Pro:Very fast and responsiveVery easy setupInexpensiveApp works well and performs all functionsCon:App is Android only for nowHeavily focused on Amazon content (including voice search)Very easy to accidentally purchase Amazon content
I've had a chromecast which I love for a while. When amazon announced their fire tv stick I was intrigued. When I saw the special pre order pricing, I jumped at it and promptly forgot about it until it showed up.Setup was slightly annoying because immediately there was an update and a video you couldn't skip on how to use it. Once the update and stupid video were done, you are presented with a very nice interface.Now to use it. The amazon prime interface was nice and lets you want free prime stuff as well as order the more premium content. I generally stick with the free content and it seemed to work well. I also use plex a lot to stream things from my NAS and this worked great, though I had to buy the plex app again.The remote is also a nice touch. I have the chrome cast and it's nice to be able to use my phone but it can also be a bit of a pain at times. It's nice that this doesn't require a phone so you can just hand the remote to someone to use rather than use the phone.I don't know how much I'd use all the other features. I think most people have their photos and music in the cloud with google and/or apple so I'm not sure how willing I'd be to also copy things over to the amazon cloud but I may play with it one of these days.Personally, I think if you have amazon prime and use plex, this thing is worth it just to be able to nicely bring both of those to the tv easily in a nice small package. If I want to show people photos, the chrome cast already has access to my google+ photos so that works better than this. However if I want to watch amazon prime videos, this is clearly the winner. Plex works on both. I think I'll still keep them both, especially considering they are both relatively inexpensive.
I own a Roku stick and since I had Prime I decided to try this. The interface is better than the Roku. The games are also a nice touch. I would put the Fire stick over the Roku. Three things stand out over the Roku right now. Interface, the games and the price. The specs seem to be better as well more ram etc. Also when your playing say a TV series on the Roku I have yet to find a setting that will play each episode consectutively you have to pick up the remote and press play for the next episode.  With the Fire Stick it will show you that the next episode is getting ready to play at the bottom right of the screen and then automatically play it without you having to do anything.  I think that might put me over the edge and I'm pretty sure I will eventually buy a second stick and put it on my main TV because of that.  Very simple yet convenient feature.  Just noticed it yesterday after using the Roku and I tried to find setting to fix it but no luck.  The set up was also very easy.  I didn't even have to log in to my amazon account.  When I connected to my home Wifi it took about 10 minutes of time to download software updates and then it was ready to use.  When I set up the Roku it took me 2 hours because I got the dreaded error 014 (or something like that) and it took me forever to find the fix to get it to work.  Overall I'm very happy with the Fire Stick vs. the Roku Stick.  There is also an extension for your HDMI hook up which is helpful if you have no room behind your TV for the stick.  I normally don't preorder anything so I was a little hesitant because this was the first wave of product to hit the customer and normally I'm sure there may be bugs to work out.  So far, so good, overall very happy with it.  I would highly recommend if you don't have a smart TV or are looking for something smaller than a streaming box.Updated: 12-21-14I have to retrack my statement about the Roku Stick.  The newest software update that the Roku has sent out allows the TV episode that you are watching to continue play without having to hit anything on the remote.  Big improvement but the interface is still the same.  Since this was a Fire TV review, I still really like the Fire TV stick.  It's in my bedroom and comes in handy when there is nothing on TV.  I stil like the interface with better than the Roku and would still but the Fire Stick over the Roku Stick for the same three reasons above.  Interface, games and price are still the factors as to why I would tell someone to get the Fire Stick over the Roku Stick.Updated: 6-3-15Had to knock off a star for this device.  Because between the Roku and Amazon Stick you get more chanels and options from the Roku than the Stick.  For example, I was watching documentaries on PBS on the Roku on my main TV in the living room.  When I went upstairs to keep watching it in bed the Amazon Stick had no way of showing it.  Becuase it didn't have a PBS channel or app to chose from.  With the PBS channel on the Roku you can watch pretty recent episodes and shows.  I will say that there are features and things on the Amazon stick that are not on the Roku but after a few months I would rather have another Roku stick to replace the Amazon Stick.  The only reason I won't is my kids like to play the games on the Amazon Stick.
I've been an Amazon Prime member since its inception, but I don't use it for anything other than the free 2 day shipping.  Despite my iPads, windows tablets, Windows PC's, media center PC's, or any phones I've had, I've not done any streaming.I thought I'd try this since I had a half price deal on it pre-launch.  I figured I'd use it in my son's bedroom on his TV that is in there for his Xbox.  He could use it for the cartoons and such available on the Prime subscription.It arrived, and setup was freakishly easy.  It ran a semi long update right out of the box, so despite being brand new and just delivered after release, they clearly are trying to fix issues and push updates as needed.  That's always a good sign, as long as the fixes don't break something else.My big requirement for this was that I could lock purchases.  I didn't want my 11 year old inadvertently trying to watch something that wasn't free with Prime and suddenly seeing a bill at the end of the month.  But the initial setup didn't offer any options other than parental controls on / off.  I turned them on, and it annoyingly forced us to enter my pin every time he changed to a different show.  I finally found in the settings the option for not requiring it for prime videos, but still requiring it for purchases.I've had a Kindle Fire HD that I gave away the day after I purchased it because I just couldn't stand the carousel they use.  It's such a pain to get at anything after the ease of Windows devices and Apple devices.  And while this does a great job streaming music that is in my Amazon account, it's that annoying carousel thing again, which makes it a pain even for my modest 300 or so songs I've purchased through Amazon.  I hate having to scroll through EVERYTHING to get at something.  So it's this same kind of interface here that made me take a star off.The navigation otherwise isn't too bad for the normal things. Different types on the left such as TV shows, movies, music, photos, and as you pick one, the options on the right side expand within that subject.  My son had no problem finding some of the nickelodeon shows he likes to watch.Streaming was stutter free, no sync problems for audio/video.  Pictures were crisp and clear, although he was watching his cartoons and such, I haven't tried it on any higher quality movies and such yet.  But so far, for the price, it's been impressive.Remote works without any line of sight to the stick behind the TV so it's a wireless remote of some sort, not IR.  That's a benefit considering the placement.The USB charger wall wart is very small, and even fit between two other things on the power strip I've got it plugged into, so that's a nice design compared to most wall warts.It came pre-attached to my account, although it did offer to let me use a different account during setup.  I'm just glad I remembered the pin code I set ages ago, since that's what it needs, not any password.All told, for the half off price I paid, this was a total no brainer purchase.  It works well, other than the carousel annoyance of Amazon's interface, and the fact that you can just unplug it and take it somewhere else is a very good feature.For someone who has gone all this time without streaming (despite so many of my devices supporting it, like the Xboxes and Playstations and such) I'm beginning to see the value in it, when you're getting it for free as a side benefit to something you already bought.  If you have prime, and you have kids, it's worth far more than the pennies it ends up costing to purchase.
Speedy stick for the most part, but falls short with several shortcommings.First off, you cannot use a universal remote with this device. I understand the 'back of the tv' method means only bluetooth works for it, but so far haven't seen any remotes that say they can control this device. The included remote sucks, its insanely uncomfortable to use. All of this wouldn't be such an issue if I could control it with my Kindle Fire...oh what's that you say, Amazon certainly should make an app for their own device first? Not if you have an older Kindle, apparently Amazon wants you to just throw those old things away instead of make them useful (because come on, a friggin remote control app shouldn't be that computationally intense that a tablet like the Kindle Fire cannot run). I can run Roku's app on my Kindle Fire, but not Amazon's own Kindle Fire remote, hmmm....I've also had to enter my Wifi password a few times already, and have had shows in Netflix that I try to start in the middle of the episode (where I left off) and the screen just displays '99%' on the buffering, it plays the sound from the episode, but never loads the actual video for the show.For $20, sure, its not bad. But at $40, I'd recommend the Roku LT before I recommend the Fire TV Stick (and truthfully, you can get Roku 3's now as low as $60 if you look around, which I would recommend even moreso).I will end this review by stating that my friggin thumb is sore from using the included remote, that thing is so uncomfortable to use, easily the worst remote I think I've ever used, and being a technology geek I've probably used close to 100+ remotes in my life.I will update this review as time goes on, but first impressions aren't very impressive. I will keep this as I got it for $20, but would not recommend it full price.
Just received my Fire TV Stick and hooked it up to the tv. I also own a Chromecast and will probably be using both at the same time for a while until the Fire TV Stick updates to be able to mirror my computer screen and finally gets the iOS app out there.1. Setting upIt plugs into an HDMI and they recommend you plug it into a wall outlet using a USB charger (all included, as well as a small extension wire for the HDMI to TV connection. I guess this is for TVs close to a wall so that you don't have the Fire stick jutting out of the back.Once connected to my wifi, it took a few minutes to download and install updates. Then a little animated guy showed up on the tv to give me an intro of what it can do.My Amazon Prime music library and playlists were in there when I signed in with my Amazon account. My watchlist for Prime video was there too. There are a lot of game apps also playable on the tv which my children seemed excited about. (The Amazon Fire game controller also works with it.)2. Compared with ChromecastI am still waiting for the iOS App and hopefully something to "fling" my computer screen to the tv like Chromecast's still-in-beta "cast entire screen". I believe I'll be able to change it to 5 stars once those two things get worked out.I still enjoy Chromecast for mirroring my computer screen, and sending chrome tabs to the tv. It's also very convenient now that many apps such as Netflix and Hulu include chromecast integration.Where Fire TV Stick is a step up is that I don't need my computer, tablet, or phone to "cast" something to it so kids can just watch Netflix, Disney Channel App, or Hulu from the stick itself and there's no need for another device. (You can also set some Parental Controls).I'm happy with the Fire TV Stick and using it alongside Chromecast because there are still things that one can do that the other can't. It's now the one we use for watching Amazon Prime, Netflix, and listening to music through the tv. Chromecast is still the one I use for casting my computer screen.3. InterfaceI love that it has a remote control and the remote control is small, and that I don't need to fiddle with another device in order to work it (although there are ways to work it from a cell phone). The remote is 4.5 in. x 1.5 in.One more thing in which I hope and expect to see improvements is the way users access apps such as Netflix or Hulu. I want to have a customizable homescreen with easy access to the apps and features I use the most. Right now it feels a little less intuitive than it could be.It's also a great way to access music on the tv for people like me that don't have a better sound system than the one that came with the tv. With Pandora, iHeartRadio, Amazon Music, and other apps, it's a great way to throw some music on in the background.4. The Remote ControlAs I mentioned above, it's a good size (4.5"x1.5"). The battery compartment was a little hard to open.It may be too much to ask but if the remote here had a button to control the volume on the tv it would be convenient for when switching between videos or apps that have different sound outputs.Lastly, and it needs to be said, I love the fact that it's a tiny stick in the back of my tv that gives me access to a lot of content without needing another device to interface with it. I'm looking forward to gradual improvements, updates, and customizability.
I'm always looking for next best streaming/media center device and was hesitant of trying the Fire TV, but when this was announced for less than half the price of the full box, I ordered one. This device hooks up straight to an HDMI port and has a micro usb cable for power. I tested on my living room TV with the usb port on the TV for power - it seems to work fine, but the TV this device will be used on doesn't have a usb port, so I'm using the recommend external power plug-in.Pros:-Fast-Great Looking UI-Dual  channel WiFiCons:-Minor Bugs-No IR (for universal remote control)-No EthernetUsing the device for a little time now, I have enjoyed the UI of the the Fire Stick main page and also the UI in the few apps that I have time to use(Amazon Prime, Watch ESPN, PLEX). The Fire Stick also seems extremely faster than other streaming devices that I have used (Roku 3, Apple TV, Chromecast). I had no issues with finding my local wifi, and have not had any issues with dropping connection or any buffering of sorts.The Fire Stick a few times have locked up in a app, but usually hitting the home button on the remote has resolved most issues. Once in the approximately 2 weeks of use, I had to reset the device because it was unresponsive.UPDDATE:(12/8/14) Changing from 4 to 3 stars (I would probably give it 3.5 if I could) After having the Fire Stick a little longer, I still enjoy the speed and the UI, but the crashes in app and have lost wifi connection where it doesn't even find my home network and I have to manual reset the device to make it functional. For the $19 pre-sale price its still a great device with hopefully updates with App crashes. But in the same price range -  I like a Roku Stick over this.
Black Friday 2014.Had to do the plug it into wall socket to get it to stream signal from my kitchen thru plaster walls to living room router signal.Loaded information like my router link (select to hide your password!!!) and my Amazon acct login.It connected and updates downloaded automatically and then it restarted and I was watching the tutorial video.I was irritated that it had to be plugged into the wall power socket and I had a usb cord draping down and across the wall.Discovered after doing an online search that after downloading updates are completed, the tv usb connection should power it even if it's just an input usb port (5 Volt, 0.5 Amp port) and not a power usb port.NOTE (this is after signing up and doing all automatic updating streaming):Just powered Fire TV Stick with my one and only usb port on my Samsung 28 inch 4000 series tv.I then had no cords hanging down the wall and the Fire TV Stick or it's cords showing form my wall mounted tv.Was able to stream beautiful, perfect and uninterrupted new PBS (free signup) Nature show (breathtaking video quality and colors).NOTE (to save power and the lifecycle of the Fire TV Stick and stop it from feeling HOT to the touch and eating up electricity when not in use):Hit the home button on the included remote.On the left side of your tv screen you'll see a long list of menu items.Scroll all the way down to the very end until you see "Settings" and select it.Scroll over to "System" and select it.Select "Sleep".Screen will go blank as  Fire TV Stick is powered down (touch on any of the remote's buttons and it will power back up).Go to your TV's remote and select your tv program to watch or just power off you tv until it's next use.NOTE: If the Fire TV Stick is not put into sleep mode, it will start running an endless slide show of pre-installed photos to avoid tv screen burn-in and is therefore using electric power to do this so device will get HOT so, it's best to put it into sleep mode.COMMENTS:  It works well once setup.  Very advanced streaming device but apps are limited and not as interesting or fun as my Ruku3 apps selections but it does what I needed for my second TV that uses a Winegard (clear see thru costco version) Flatwave amped antenna for over the air tv signals in my kitchen.~~~over and out~~~
Despite its form factor similar to the Google Chromecast and various EzCast stick streaming devices, the Fire TV Stick is much more comparable to the Fire TV in terms of features and functionality. Unlike the cheap, lightweight TVs, it is fully self-contained and does not require a phone, tablet or laptop to initiate streaming: it comes with its own remote, and you can purchase the optional fancy voice control remote (which comes standard with the full size Fire TV) or the Amazon bluetooth game controller.The box contains the stick itself, a short HDMI extension cord (to prevent the stick from protruding, depending on how your TV connectors are laid out), a USB to microUSB cable and power adapter (to power the stick), the remote control and 2xAAA batteries for the remote. Instructions insist that the stick should be connected to the power adapter provided, but I tried the USB port on my TV anyway: this resulted in the stick entering a reboot loop... So, yeah, they mean it. Use the power supply and cord provided!Setup is a cinch: connect to your WiFi (unlike most cheap sticks, the FireTV Stick supports the 5GHz band), update the firmware if necessary, watch the short but thorough animated presentation and you're ready to go.The Fire TV stick sold me on two features: easy access to free Amazon Prime video streaming, and Plex (I have all my videos on a home Plex server). Both work extremely well, much better than on any other streaming device I own. Streaming is just about perfect, and I have yet to see an annoying "Buffering..." message. Can't speak for other streaming services, but if you're like me and mostly use these two, it's probably the best device you can get at any price.Recommended -- but check compatibility with your streaming services of choice.
Amazon as always Under-promises and over-delivers, which is fantastic as a Consumer!I was part of the early adopters and got one for $20, was supposed to arrive at my door on December 3, but came November 28.===== WARNING =====IF YOU ARE GIFTING THIS BE CAREFUL, Fire Stick TV Recognized my Amazon Account and logged me in without Password. All I did was log in through my network, and am unsure as to what got me in so easily, less hassle but I am surprised. So be careful if you are gifting the Amazon Stick. Something to think about.===== Box Contents: =====-Fire TV Stick-Quick Start Guide-HDMI Extender ~4 inches-Micro USB Power cable-Wall power Adapter to USB 5 WATTs-Fire TV Remote-A very good looking Quality box to hold it all in. Quality of Packaging shows that their design team great effort in presenting their product flawlessly.===== Amazon FireTV Stick Installation =====-Used my 54" HDTV's USB power to power the Stick with no problems.-Logged into my 5ghz internet connection with no issues.-Took a 15 minute Firmware Update.-Recognized my Amazon Account on Start up, I don't remember logging in as this is my first time.-Settings are Pre-configured but can be customized on a needed basis. Setted Video at 1080p 60Hz. Very Very Sharp Details.===== Functionality =====-Youtube requires to be downloaded via "Search". I found this odd as FireStick TV was advertised as Having Youtube functionality.-Youtube has a unique way to allow you to sign in to your youtube account via 8-digit unique passkeys.-Synced my Desktop to Youtubes' Mirroring. Basically I can Que up a list of youtube videosCompared to Chromecast, Fire Stick TV has enough processing power to not be in a tug-of-war for what gets processed on the fly. One major Gripe I had with Chromecast was that either the Chromecast Dongle or my Quad-Core Android phone was unable to keep up with me.Of Course it also comes with all the described Subscription options that is boasted. Fortunately for me, I satisfy all my media needs via Youtube and my Audiophile needs from SoundCloud/Pandora. Its sort of overkill for me to be using a 54" HDTV to play songs with a stagnant image in the backgound, My Xperia Z can handle that fine.===== Fire Stick TV Versus Chromecast =====This is mainly from how I use my Chromecast. This comparison may differ depending on how you use it as well:Chromecast relies on a Smartphone or Laptop and "pushes" the content to your TV. This works via a Home network connection. But it ties down a device that is using the chromecast.Well FireStick TV handles it all in the Dongle. All I need is the internet connection. The great thing is that it frees my Smartphone/laptop for other things.==== Downsides =====-Miracast seems to prefer Fire X Devices. Had some trouble connecting my Android 4.4.2 Smartphone and my 4.4.2 Xperia Z.-Does not automatically sync all Amazon Purchased Apps. (Couldn't find it, but I will eventually) I hope you enjoyed this review, and for $20, this is an incredible device.
The product comparison page states this is MiraCast Certified, but I just got an e-mail from support that it is NOT certified. Nor can I find any certification status on the Wi-Fi Alliance page for this or any Fire TV product. This needs to be addressed, and the bug I noted should be fixed as well (using 2 devices, it connects, the Fire TV updates to show the remote device connected, but it never displays the screen from the remote device - tablet or phone).Otherwise, this is a nifty little device. It gives me an inexpensive way to put Amazon Instant Video, Netflix, and my other streaming services on any TV in the house (hence why I ordered 2 - the other TV uses a Roku stick (which MiraCast works correctly on it).  Overall, I do like the Amazon one better simply because the interface is easy to understand for anyone. My parents, who are not tech-savvy, took to it like it made sense out of the box. They prefer it to the Roku interface. And since I use MiraCast a lot but my parents don't, I am going to give these to them, and take the Roku sticks instead.On a side note, the AC adapter is 1 Amp. If you have a TV that has a specific "USB Power-only" port (not service port) that supplies 1A or more, you can bypass using the AC Adapter and still have it run at full power, and use a much shorter USB cable. I like that the remote is RF, not IR, which means you don't have to point it at the stick or have the stick visible, too.If you want something simple and easy to understand for most anyone and don't need the 'geeky' support, then it's a great device. If you want something for the technical people, or use the more advanced features, this isn't the best device to get at this time. If Amazon addresses a few bugs, this could easily become a very popular option for many.
I bought this from best buy since amazon does not have them in stock. A couple things 1) the antenna on this is crap. If you are not using it on a TV that is pretty much ontop of your router don't bother or spend an hour trying to set it up. I now am going to spend more money to buy a range extender so maybe I can get a better experience with it. Maybe the $99 box is better? I don't know but all I do know is if I am forced to watch this ridiclous set up video one more time I'm gonna lose it!**Update 12/10/14 **OK, I am updating this review because I have had this for awhile now. One thing at this point is clear to me. The range on the receiver for this item is not great. after buying a range extender and setting it up I still had connectivity issues with the device. I did a hard reset (hold enter and Pause / Play) as described in the book and once I did that I was able to download Netflix as an app. There seemed to be hang in between validating pin and I hit the back button, then hit it again entered my pin and it actually downloaded. since the initial set-up I dared to download crackle as an app. I did so and no issue what so ever. I gave this 3 stars (originally 1) because it works, Its not ground breaking technology and set up was something that made me want to take a hammer to the device. You get what you pay for and this is cheaper than many devices out there so the fact that the receiver isn't top of the line is understandable but it does not make it less aggravating. Great for you if you have it going into a TV with close proximity to your router, if not I suggest you invest in a range extender or skip the fire T.V. stick. The hanging of software when contacting Amazon might be a firmware issue. I have not had any issue with this recently but then again I don't use it often other than playing Netflix. So in closing buy it if you want a cheap alternative to streaming devices offered by competitors but be forewarned you may have to troubleshoot the device on setup.
Here's my first impression of the Fire TV stick after being one of the first to order and receive it. It arrived well ahead of the promised date by Amazon which was nice. At first glance, it is well packaged, trying to imitate Apple in some ways. It comes with its own USB power adapter, an HDMI extender cable about 4" long, a remote control with batteries, and a small booklet to get you started.Connecting it was quite simple, just connect it to an available HDMI port on your TV or AV receiver, and connect the USB power adapter. One word of caution, you are not going to get away with using another power source, you NEED to use the included power adapter (or some USB adapter with sufficient power output) since standard USB ports on most devices do not provide adequate power for the Fire stick to boot up. This is unlike the Chromecast which will work using power from any USB port, but let's remember that the Fire Stick has more processing power and more memory, so it does consume a bit more power.One problem I had was trying to open the remote control to insert the batteries. The battery cover is insanely difficult to remove. They really need to fix that. Other than that, the remote is very comfortable to use with controls for Play/Pause, Fast Fwd/Rewind, Home, Back and Menu buttons, in addition to the usual Up, Down, Left, Right and OK controls. It is an RF-based control (not infrared) which means you don't have to point it at the TV to use it. This is nice because it means you can hide the Fire stick and not have operational problems with the wireless commands reaching the stick, but it also means you cannot program your universal remotes, like Logitech or other unifier control systems, to control the Fire stick.Another thing that was a bit of a problem for me was the mini-USB power port is located on the side of the stick. If your TV or AV receiver has HDMI ports aligned next to each other, this might be an issue if you connect something on the next available HDMI port, as the USB connector on the side interferes with the placement of something else next to it and won't fit quite well. If that's the case, you might end up having to use the included HDMI extender so the connectors are out of the way. The Chromecast, on the other hand, solved this by placing the mini-USB power connector on the end of the stick instead of the side.Under the hood, the stick runs a modified version of the mobile Android OS, and it boots very quickly once powered up. It only takes a few seconds. Upon your first start, it will walk you through connecting it to your WiFi network. After that's out of the way, it will ensure you have the latest firmware and will download it if necessary. You will spend a few minutes waiting for this to complete. Once done, it greets you with a welcome video that gives you a demo on how to use it. If you are new to these types of devices, I recommend you spend a few minutes watching it. You do need to register your stick with Amazon so that it connects to your Amazon account. I was surprised that mine already knew who I was so apparently, they had already pre-registered it to my Amazon account at the factory.The Fire Stick has an Android phone/tablet app that works quite well. It is useful to enter text when you are searching for videos, or if you want to use voice commands. Unfortunately, no app for the iPhone/iPad yet, but they say that's coming soon.Browsing the Fire stick menu interface is easy. It is well polished and easy to follow. I did find it would lag sometimes, but its overall response was very good. I found that you can play Pandora or iHeartRadio music while browsing other apps or menus, however, this kind of multitasking slows down menu navigation. It is not as snappy as the Apple TV, but like the Chromecast, the Fire stick has a screensaver.The Chromecast is just a casting stick so you need to rely on your smartphone and use its battery to watch or listen to anything because the Chromecast has no menus or interface that you can navigate. Since the Fire Stick has its own interface, you can browse and stream content independently from your phone. On the downside, you cannot cast anything reliably from your phone Android or iOS to the Fire stick. Don't count on casting anything from your iPhone, it ain't gonna work. However, there is some functionality for casting what you have on your Android phone or tablet to the Fire stick, but it looks like it is in beta stage as it doesn't work quite well. During my test from a Samsung Galaxy S4, sometimes video would freeze, was choppy and colors got distorted. On the Chromecast, casting from your phone works so much better. There are some apps on the Amazon app store that you can buy and install to the Fire stick to get casting functionality, but as I said earlier, they are poor in performance.One good thing about the Fire stick is that you can download and install apps and games, something you cannot do on Apple TV. However, I was disappointed that there is no HBO GO app for the Fire Stick, although it is available for the Fire TV and other platforms like Chromecast and Apple TV. Maybe it is too early and this will be available in the future, but this is only a guess. For the most part, the availability of apps on the Amazon store is pretty lacking compared to the competition, but this is to be expected from any new product in this game. Amazon is fairly new to this. One of the best apps I saw is the Plex app for the Fire stick. I happen to have a Plex account and a server and I found the interface very nice and responsive. It makes for a nice media center experience. Too bad the Plex app is not free. The possibility of having 3rd party apps for the Fire stick will be a huge advantage over the Apple TV in the future. It does come with the Pandora, iHeart, Hulu Plus, and TuneIn apps already installed plus a few others, but you can explore and download other apps to enhance the stick's functionality. Aside from this, if you are an Amazon Prime member, you get nice perks. You can watch all of your Prime content and rent content as well.If you are concerned about your passwords, keep in mind that when typing in password fields in the Fire Stick, they are not shieled from view like just about any password field you encounter in any computer or device, so anyone watching the screen when you are typing your Pandora password will be able to see your password. Although not a big issue, I found this very odd and I hope they fix this in a future firmware update.The settings menu is very rich in features and you can control many aspects of the stick, from account registration, to sound and video settings, to parental controls, and even to close apps running in background memory or uninstall them. I was surprised that there seems to be no command to reboot the stick. If it ever starts misbehaving like any modern device does every now and then, it is good to be able to reboot it. I was forced to just unplug it in order to reboot it. It has a command to put it in sleep mode, although it will go to sleep on its own after 30 minutes of inactivity.I am not sure if this is Amazon's network fault, but I found that streaming Amazon Prime content was slow and had poor quality at least at the beginning. It did not look HD at all, although the video clears up about a minute of watching. It is possible that when I tested this Amazon servers were bit slow, but I thought that was odd since I have a 50 mbps connection and I am able to stream videos from other sources quite well in HD.Overall, I find the Fire stick a more powerful stick than the Chromecast, but it lacks in its casting abilities. It's navigation performance and response are quite good and it is more flexible than the Apple TV. I like the fact that it has a built-in interface and allows you to access all your Amazon-purchased content, plus all the content you are entitled with the Prime membership, plus 3rd party apps. I find it is too early to judge the Fire stick as far as app functionality, but overall, it has great potential.
So far, so good.I bought this at a nicely discounted price, so please keep that in mind as it does color my opinion, I'm sure. I had been eyeing the Google Chromecast for months watching its price fluctuate a little but never really change, so it wasn't enough to sway me to its world (that and the lack of Amazon Prime Video). Then Amazon announced the Fire TV Stick and had a great introductory price, so I ended up taking the risk twice (one for home, another for work). And as soon as I checked mine out, I picked up one on sale at Best Buy for my girlfriend, so I've already bought 3 of these little beauties.From arrival to setup to use was very quick and easy. The box opens easily and is simple to get into, instructions are minimal because it works without much effort. Including a remote made this a pleasure and a great tipping point. Find your wifi, move the cursor to input the wifi password, and it updates itself in a few minutes and reboots to a welcome video that is nigh-unnecessary because it's an easy, effortless experience to use.The unit is a modest little rectangle with a HDMI plug on one end and a micro USB port on a side for power, and that's it, plug and play. The box also comes with a short HDMI extension adapter if it doesn't fit that styles perfectly with the unit, and a Micro USB to USB cord for power, and no complications.I didn't have an available power supply port, so right now I'm using the ~500ma standard USB power supply off the TV, the Fire TV Stick doesn't love it and has the occasional message in settings, but so far it's working. I understand it though, it's a tiny computer, some things will require more power and if it can't draw enough power it can't run them - until that day, I'll be happy as-is, and later I'll accommodate the extra power supply if needed.Amazon Prime Video works right out of the box. If you want Netflix and Youtube and whatever else is possible, they're available as apps to download right from the device's interface. If you have a smart TV or smart blu-ray player or a Playstation 3, the interface to those respective apps in those machines is essentially identical - high-quality, polished experiences with their own styles - and so far they've worked quite well. Playback is equal to or better than my PS3 for video, full 1080p instead of kicking down to 720p.The Amazon cloud photo drive allows you to upload pics and videos to your account via PC and play them back via the Fire TV Stick, nice little touch. So far I've done photos, it comes up as a slideshow, haven't fooled around with it too much more beyond seeing that the slideshow has a few options.Games, I've been stockpiling Amazon Appstore games for a while on my tablet, and it's great to see some available for use on the Fire TV Stick right away. I tried out a puzzle game, Quell, and it looked and played beautifully with just the remote, but I'm sure an action game like Sonic the Hedgehog will need a game controller input.The UI has a few little quirks but nothing major. Not being able to control the Cloud Photos slideshow with the media controls was the oddest for me. I'm still not sure if it's truly asleep after half an hour of not being on that input, I put it to sleep intentionally and by the time I came back it was up and running, but it may just be that fast to boot up from sleep state. Settings are simple, nobody will get horribly lost or broken fooling around with this machine.Using my Galaxy S4 with the Fire TV Stick is a breeze, just download the Amazon Fire TV app and connect to your unit. Controls include voice control; keyboard input pop-up button; the home-back-menu controls from the remote; and a large touchpad space to act as a directional pad. You can also bring up the rewind-play/pause-forward media controls, why they're hidden I don't get, but once you un-hide them they stay unhidden. Basically, it's a fancier version of the included remote, it expects that you'll look at the TV to see what your input means. The input has a tiny bit of lag which can be frustrating when using the directional space to swipe through multiple on-screen elements, but overall is adequate.Voice search brings up results in Movies & TV, Apps & Games, Music Videos, and Music if appropriate. It's a little stupid though, "Prince" worked great but it wanted to know if I meant "prints", "Quell" worked fine but also gave the option for "Quello" (???), "Batman Begins" worked without trouble by showing me related content available on Amazon, but "The Ramones" returned only "The Ramon's" - it understood me, but had no understanding of popular context. I expect a little better on this, you're trying to sell me content here, Amazon, you should know what I'm looking for.Screencasting from my Galaxy S4 was way more fun than I expected, it works pretty smoothly, resolution is decent but clearly kicked down. It displays in whatever the screen orientation is, but both orientations are a little narrower than actual. Streaming video over the device occasionally produces stuttering on both devices, so it's not meant for sharing HD video well. This could be a powerful tool in the right hands, and again, easy is the focus. I don't have a Kindle tablet so I couldn't test that sort of thing, but apparently it has even more connectivity there which is cool.Overall, it's not it's not a tablet, it's not a game console, it's not a smart TV, but it has enough of each of those in a small package at a nice price to make it worthwhile, especially if you're an Amazon user with existing content. Actually, I'll take this over a smart TV any day. The instant-on nature of it and small stature make it a replacement for general digital content consumption. It works well and doesn't ask much of the user, it's a good item.
I was so happy to get the new Fire TV Stick. I have a Chromecast but wanted this since I did not need any other device to watch it on my television. Set up was fairly simple, I had to unplug and retry 2 or 3 times to get the update to download but it finally worked. The quality is great and having a remote is wonderful. However, not even 2 days after I got it all set up I got a blue screen that said, "HDCP unathorized. Content disabled." I had sound but only this blue screen. I tried everything...unplugged it (from tv and wall), reset to default settings, reset my router, cleared data and cache (per instructions on support page from Amazon), deregistered from my Amazon account and reregistered it...NOTHING worked. I looked at review on Amazon and found one that had the same problems but no solutions. So, I contacted Amazon support and this is the response I received:"I'm sorry for the trouble you had streaming on your Fire TV stick. We certainly don't want our customers to experience such issues.HDCP (High-bandwidth Digital Content Protection) is a digital copy protection system that helps to prevent unauthorized duplication of digital audio and video content when a content player is connected to devices such as monitors, TV, or other external devices. To resolve this issue please try disconnecting any other displays you have connected to your TV.Please unplug all HDMI inputs from the TV, Unplug TV from power. Plug TV back in. Plug fire stick back in.If this doesn't resolve the issue, please contact us via phone so we can collect some required information while you are online and involve our technical team into this."I did this and it worked...for not even 2 days. So, now I have the blue screen again with "HDCP unauthorized. Content disabled." So, I guess in order for this product to work I will have to unplug everything from my tv every 2 days...definitely not something I want to do just to watch a few shows. I can use my Chromecast and not have to worry about it. If you get one...I hope you don't have this issue or I hope Amazon has a fix for this ASAP.
When it works it's okay. But it doesn't work half the time. The overall design is mind boggling. The USB port is on the side of the stick. So if there is an HDMI plug-in next to it your usb cable will be in the way. To "fix" this Amazon includes an extension adaptor. Then the usb cable isn't long enough to run down to the floor. When I finally got it down to the floor the wall plug is too large to use with a power strip. It's too wide and blocks ports next to it. Also I received a pop-up saying I would get better performance if I plugged it directly in the wall and not the TV. I'm going to try plugging it in the TV and see if there is a noticeable difference. Some times the device won't connect to the network for unknown reasons. Sometimes the remote bugs out and it takes 30 to 60 seconds for each button press to register. Hopefully a firmware update fixes the software issues. But there's no fixing the choices that were made for hardware.Overall the device really wants you to watch Amazon content which was expected but other apps are in a small section to their own. I think more attention could be made to these. They are well displayed on the box but almost ignored in the menu.I picked this up half off on a 2 day preorder sale for Prime customer. I wouldn't pay more than that.  I really think it should be that price for all Prime customers all the time. If you're not a prime customer then 90% of the menus are useless for you.On a last positive note, the device came preconfigured. So my Amazon account was already setup and I was able to start streaming Amazon Prime immediately.If you can get one cheap and your a Prime customer, it's worth getting. (Assuming the software issues are fixed)If you're not a Prime customer get the Roku stick.
Pre-ordered this and got it for a promotional price of $20; you can't beat what you get for that price, period.Set up was easy. Works well for all my streaming needs. I can play local content with Plex. Plex did not play contents with 5.1 audio properly when connected to the TV directly. (I don't know if it is an issue with Plex app or the device). If you have a receiver or a sound-bar with HDMI inputs, try connecting Fire TV stick directly. My soundbar has 2 HDMI inputs and I connected Fire TV stick there and viola! you have 5.1 sound with Plex app. In general, sound is much better when it's decoded directly from the sound bar, in my opinion, than routing through optical audio out from TV. Also, when I connected directly to TV I had to adjust the screen size (shrink 3%). When I connected Fire TV stick to the soundbar, no screen adjustment was required.One issue I had was that Fire TV stick did not recognize my 5 GHz wi-fi. After some reading found out that (Fire TV) has issues with routers with third party firmware. I've had set my router (Cisco E3000 with Tomato) to auto channel selection. I tried several channels manually (52, 54, 56 did not work) and when I set channel to 36 (5.180 GHz) Fire TV stick recognized the SSID.I side loaded XBMC and it works smoothly! 500MB of video memory helps, I guess!Device gets little warm sometimes, hopefully it won't be an issue. Didn't try gaming so can't comment on that.Overall you get a very capable streaming solution for a competitive price. Recommended!Edit:Remote is little clumsy. Navigation buttons do not respond well. Sometimes it keeps scrolling through lists when a navigation button is pressed once. Minor inconvenience, but need to be improved.
I saw the two day offer a month ago or so for $19 and decided to buy it for the Sony 32" 1080P set I use as my monitor for my desktop system, figuring that I could switch to a show if my computer was busy doing something (i.e. processing a video file, virus scan, etc.)  It took a few weeks for it to show up (as expected), so I was excited when it finally arrived.  The packaging is very attractive and for the price, I was pleased to see an HDMI extension included.  I didn't need it, as the Sony has 4 easily accessible HDMI ports that it could fit into without interfering with any of the others.Setup was as easy as inserting the micro USB cable into the stick, inserting the stick into the HDMI port on the television (TV off), and lastly, plugging the cable into the power dongle and into a surge protected outlet.  That's the order I chose to do it in, knowing the HDMI carries current, and this sequence would minimize something frying up.  I've had that happen before (HDMI current frying something), so I'm extremely cautious.From there, it was a piece of cake.  I selected my WiFi network, entered the password, and then waited while the Fire downloaded a large update.  Long enough, that I left the room and came back.  It reboot, and I had to re-enter my network info, and then was good to go.  I've been using Roku's for several years now, so the interface is very familiar, intuitive, and easy to navigate.  I watched a few prime shows and downloaded several games that can be used with the included remote.I'm very impressed.  I started using computers back in the early 80's, and to see a device this small provide an experience like it does is awesome.  The graphics in several of the games rivals full size gaming systems from fifteen years ago, and the speed of starting and fast forwarding movies is quicker than my Roku 2 XS.I really like the experience this device provides, and I really can't believe some of the one star reviews.  People dinging it for not working in their home theater receivers doesn't seem fair, as they specifically state that it's to be plugged directly into the television.  The problem very likely lies with the firmware in the receiver and not the Fire Stick.  Giving it one star for not including the voice command remote is unfair, because it clearly spells out that it's an optional accessory.  People know this going into the purchase.  To each their own, I guess, but I'm thrilled with my purchase, and it will fit the bill for what I'm using it for perfectly.  I bought the two year Square Trade warranty just in case something happens too.Overall, I would highly recommend the Fire Stick based on my experience thusfar, and will update if anything changes.
A crappy alternative for Amazon getting off their high horse and just releasing an Apple TV app already. I don't want my HDMI ports riddled with sticks I have to toggle between, especially with finicky HDMI handshakes. I already have a great streaming media box, and while the Prime app on iPad is capable of streaming via Airplay to the AppleTV, it bugs out all the time. Very frustrating when you're trying to binge on a show. If Amazon would just release an AppleTV native app like Netflix, Hulu, Vevo, Youtube, Vimeo, and a dozen others I wouldn't have been lured into trying this. Oh jeez I guess their horrible plan worked. Fortunately I picked it up really cheap since I'll probably just leave it in a drawer now.STOP TRYING TO BE A HARDWARE COMPANY.Edit: because netscorer is butthurt over my review, allow me to elaborate on why this IS a review of the product. The Fire Stick and Fire TV are not innovative products, any more than their failed phone was. Even if you double the RAM of a Roku, it's not a new thing. By releasing their own products rather than adding their stream to existing, successful platforms, Amazon is not improving anything. They're creating ARTIFICIAL SEGMENTATION. That's my issue with this. I'ma Prime member, and knowing that Amazon would be 100% fully capable of spitting out a proper streaming app alongside Netflix on every existing piece of hardware, but doesn't so that can push their own plastic stick, is frustrating. I am a fan of Amazon as a service and a store, although I know they cause damage to other retailers in much the same way WalMart does. All I'm saying is, for the love of Jeebus just let it stop there already, and don't go out of your way to artificially make good, existing hardware platforms less useful.
I am starting this review out with two stars based on optimism that this is a brand new product and that Amazon will "get it right" with future software updates.First, let me state that I purchased my Fire TV Stick from Best Buy and not Amazon.  Although I know it shouldn't matter, Amazon will likely not call this a verified purchase (even though my account is linked with the device), so please take that into consideration if Amazon flags this as unverifiable.Second, I am a happy owner of three Roku 3 boxes and have been using those for more than a year so I may be a bit spoiled or biased towards what I believe to be the Cadillac of streaming devices.Thirdly, I also own one Google Chrome Cast - a device which I am not really a major fan of.  In fact, I purchased the Fire TV Stick because of a couple of items that generally irk me about the Chrome Cast and is intended to replace that device.  The first issue is the lack of Amazon Prime streaming and the second is the requirement to use your phone or tablet to control the device.Now, on to my review of the device as I see it after having it for less than 24 hours.  I may amend the review as time goes on, especially if Amazon fixes some of the issues with Software Updates.1)  The setup process was not as smooth as it should have been.  After initially connecting to my Wi-Fi, it started to do a Software Update and then failed with a message saying something about being unable to connect to the service and to power-cycle the device.  After restarting the device, I had multiple failures of trying to connect it to my Wi-Fi even though my iPad was working just fine with it, so doubt that the Wi-Fi is truly my issue.  My strength is identified on the Fire TV Stick as "Very Good" and the router is about 7-8 feet from the device within the same room, so there aren't any major obstructions of the signal.2)  I have only watched one program on the device so far, and that was via the Netflix app.  However, during that viewing, the streaming was eventually interrupted and I was prompted to restart the device because it could not connect to the network.  After restarting it, I kept getting interrupted with Buffering issues and eventually dismissed the notification because it prompted me so often that at one point less it'd be less than two minutes between notifications.3)  Amazon really should allow people to filter "Prime Video" only within the Search option.  Sure, I realize that their goal is to Rent or Sell content, but when you search for something generic like "Comedy" and see a bunch of items available for rent, yet you have ZERO intention to pay to watch comedians that you've never heard of, it can be a bit frustrating.
I am terribly disappointed. I just received the Fire stick today and for the past 2 hrs have been trying to get it to connect to my internet. Sometimes it would connect and then it would say, "checking for software updates" and it would take. literally, 10 min. and then either it times out or something and then says it has no connection and I have to retry ALL OVER again. Very frustrating!! Well, I'm not happy and glad I only paid $20 for it.***UPDATE**UPDATE**I have changed my mind about the previous review I made. I am pretty sure that my solution and problem, is the same as others that have been having issue with the Fire stick. As I described above, I could not get it to connect wit the internet and when it did it kept cutting off and then saying it couldn't connect to amazon, etc. I couldn't understand because my other internet things worked just fine but I did notice that when I tried to use my dvd player to see if it was connecting ok, it was in fact not and kept disconnecting. BUT, I had an idea. I moved my router and viola! Everything changed! While my smart dvd worked and my other things worked. Fire stick is a high bandwidth product and if you have weak internet, a place in your house where the internet is a little weak because of location, trees, interference, etc.You WILL have issues connecting with Fire stick and also, I found that if your router is a long distance away, around a corner, tucked away, it weakens its strength with certain internet enabled items; Fire stick being one of them. If you move your router either within the same general area, room, or an unobstructed area not more than 5ft away, then you should not have problems. Is that a pain? Kinda? Is it worth it to move it a little bit closer? I would say that is a definite yes. Now, that I have done that, my Fire stick works like a dream and we love it. I can barely get my kid to go to sleep at night because of all the stuff just for him he can watch; and I literally stayed awake til 5am watching movies! If you have some patience, and/or try moving the router closer, then you will love your Fire stick, too. I took off one star because really, should we have to do that? No. I hope that in the next upgrade, they will fix that issue. I hope that this helped someone.
This isn't a bad device, but the initial setup is maddening.After unwrapping it, plugging it in and connecting it to my network, it has to download some new software. OK, not a big deal, many devices do that the first time. This isn't that old, so I assume it shouldn't be that out of date and therefore shouldn't have much to download. After 10 minutes (yes I was timing it), it still wasn't done ... and we have a fast connection. I decide to go get something to eat and come back. Now I'm back at the wifi screen where for some reason I have to connect to my network again. It's a good thing passwords are so easy to type while arrowing back and forth to each letter on a tiny remote. It connects again, and after a few minutes I'm ready to go.Or so I thought - then you have to sit through a 3+ minute sales pitch video where they tell you all of the reasons the FireTV stick is great. Reasons you most likely already know BECAUSE YOU BOUGHT IT. And of course there is no way to skip, as the buttons have no effect during this. "You can press the Home Button to go Home at any time" - except, of course, during this annoying sales pitch.Other than the initial setup which wasn't the best experience I've ever had, it's not bad. It appears to have connectivity issues at times, which makes it seem sluggish (you click on a show and it takes 10 seconds for the play button to appear on the next screen), but it's not awful.It has a games section, which I assume is for games in your library that are stick compatible? It only showed me 8 when I have way more games than that - although after downloading a game it said something about an unsupported controller, so who knows.All in all, it's not horrible, but I expected better - still, for $19 (I got the $20 off deal) I can't complain.
I've been looking for a device to stream movies to my minivan's DVD screen which has an HDMI port. I have an Unlimited Data plan on my phone, so I can use it as a hotspot during our family travels. However, the problem was always that devices such as Chromecast required TWO mobile phones: one to be a hotspot and create the wifi signal, and ANOTHER one to connect to the same wifi and control the Chromecast. The way Chromecast works (or is it the tethering app?), you can't stream to it from the same mobile device that creates the wifi signal.So whenever we go on a trip with my wife, we have two phones and we are basically set. But God it's such a hassle to re-configure the Chromecast stick each time we take it to the car and back. Yeah I know for the price of it we could just have two, but I was still hoping to find a solution that would work with only one phone for those occasions when only one of us is in the car.The trick is to have a device that doesn't require a smartphone to make selections and has its own GUI (and it should also be a stick rather than a box because of space considerations in the car). The best candidate for the job was Roku stick. Bought it for some $40 and returned the next week. It's soooo slow. Loses the signal constantly. Even when the signal is strong it's buffering all the time, and when it finally streams there is this weird purple flickering every second which makes watching impossible. For the sake of full disclosure, the Roku stick worked fine (although still slow) when connected to a home TV. It was something to do with the car moving which rendered it useless.As soon as I returned the Roku, the Fire TV stick came out. Boy, what a pleasure!!!Much, much faster. It remembers all the networks it was connected to and instantly finds the one currently on. The response to the remote is lag-less. Streaming is flawless. I'm still waiting to find out how the pre-buffering feature works (they marketed the feature as one that predicts what you're going to watch next and downloading some of it in the background, so when you start it, it begins instantaneously). Oh and the gaming feature - simply fantastic! Made my kids very happy. Even without the separately sold remote controller there are a few games that are pretty good and fun to play with the provided remote.My biggest concern with Fire TV stick was that it would require connecting it to the car outlet rather than to the USB port of the DVD screen. There're a few places in the product description that explicitly mentioned that the stick needs to be plugged to a wall outlet. However for me it works just fine being connected to the USB port.
Pros:- UI seems pretty fast and responsive.  Its only barely noticeably slower than the FireTV.- Its nice to be able to use a remote control to stream content, rather than always having to use a phone or computer like the Chromecast requiresCons:- They included a pretty small power adaptor, however the plug is in the very middle of the biggest side, which makes it too wide for smaller power strips so it ends up covering up part of the neighboring power outlets.- With my account pre-setup on the device, there was really no authentication confirmation for the device.  I never had to enter in a password or a pin, nor did I get emailed a notice that a device was activated to my account.  Sure, that makes it more "user friendly" to just select "Yes, this is my account" when prompted if the provisioned account was correct.  However it does so by sacrificing security.- The setup process is the worst for any such digital media player that I've ever used (Chromecast, Roku, FireTV, BoxeeBox, GoogleTV, several others).  The first thing it wanted me to do was to enter in the wireless credentials so that it could do an update.  After doing this, the update failed, and required me to do a hard reboot.  After doing that, it brought up the credentials screen, and made me re-enter the wireless info yet again.  This happened twice, before the update finally succeeded.  Then, upon the next boot, asked me yet again for the wireless credentials before finally getting to the UI.  First off, when the update failed, having to go to the device and physically unplug-replug the power is rather annoying.  It would be nice if it just had a timeout, then auto-rebooted itself and tried again.  Secondly, having to re-enter the wireless authentication over and over is very frustrating and a horrible user experience if you have a complex wireless password.  That alone made me want to just unplug the device and go back to using my Chromecast + FireTV.
Overall, this is a very good product.  I have been using a chromecast for several months now and when this was announced, I jumped at the chance to purchase it.  While it is very similar to a chromecast, this has several major advantages over the chromecast.  First, it can obviously play Amazon Instant Video.  Yes, there are workarounds to get AIV to play using a chromecast, but having something that easily plays TV shows and movies from AIV is a clear plus.  Also, to me, having a physical remote is a huge advantage.  Having spent countless hours watching Netflix on the chromecast, I can say that the Netflix app can be very frustrating to use when you need to quickly pause, rewind, etc. whatever you are watching.  On multiple occasions, the app would not show the chromecast icon to be able to pause the show that I was watching.  While this is not directly a fault of the chromecast, not having a dedicated remote can make it more difficult to use.  The remote that comes with the Fire TV stick is very easy to use and makes pausing or rewinding of shows much easier to do.With all that being said, the Fire TV stick is not perfect.  On multiple occasions, the shows that I am watching with the Fire TV stick have had to pause to buffer or the picture quality has dropped.  While this could easily be chalked up to the wifi speeds, I have never had this same issue with a chromecast.  Also, there is not an easy way, at least that I have found so far, to turn off/put the fire TV stick to sleep when it is not in use.  Because it needs to plug into an outlet instead of being able to plug into the TV like a chromecast, it does not turn on and off with the TV like a chromecast does.  Finally, it seems like you are not able to search for new music using the Fire TV stick while using Amazon Prime music.  You can easily play songs that you have already added to your favorites, but you cannot search on the stick for new music to listen to.  Some of these issues can easily be fixed with software updates, and hopefully they do.  But even with these issues, I would still recommend this to anyone.
I'm new to streaming television.  But this little stick is well worth the price of admission.I've read some folks saying it's a little slower than there firebox.  If that's the case the firebox must read your mind, because the interface seems lighting fast to me. I also really like voice search.  It's not perfect, but a heck of lot faster then scroll typing.  I'd recommend either downloading the voice app for your phone, or buying the voice operated remote. I'm hoping Amazon's new Echo device will interface with it when it comes out (fingers are crossed, I'm on the list for the $99 deal)The video selection is awesome, and the the streaming is instant, no lag.  Well no lag at my home with 6 Mps download speed.  I have oodles of bandwidth to spare.It blows my mind how much Amazon has packed into this one stick.  There are an amazing array of options and apps.  I've had DirectTV for last 5 years, with box rentals and DVR, my bill runs around a $138 per month.  The Fire TV Stick is going to save me a nice wad of cash, by allowing me to pay for what I want without having to pay for what I don't want.Streaming video is the next evolution of home entertainment.  I have to imagine these devices will absolutely crush the pre-packaged programing providers.  No more having to buy 30 channels that you don't want to get the one you do want.  No more funny numbers when it comes to billing.  No more haggling with phone reps over package costs.This device meets the needs of my entire home.  My wife likes to watch all the "Housewives of XY and Z" shows on Bravo, they're there.  I like the Walking Dead, which recently DirectTV has been threatening to drop, it's there, I also watch several Discovery shows... all there.  My teenagers love the movies, and YouTube.  I must say, watching YouTube on your television really enhances the experience.  Oh, and you can sync it with your tablets, ipads, and laptops which really enhances the search experience.  You can cue up an entire channel, or select a custom selection of your own, and just sit back and enjoy.  My youngest daughter likes to watch several Teen Nick shows, and several Disney shows, and they're all available.This does what you've always wanted.  Instead of watching your shows when and IF your set-program provider allows you to watch them, you can see them anytime you want.  I also noticed that even though I currently get every premium channel available on DirectTV, the newer movies are available on Prime before they hit the premium channel rotation.You can get a free month trial of Netflix and one week trial of Hulu.  So be sure to give them a test drive.  I might be adding one or both.  ...it's still a heck of lot cheaper then cable or satellite TV.It's a winner, go ahead and make the leap, you won't regret it.
As an Amazon Prime member I purchased the Amazon Fire TV Stick for $19 when it was available for pre-order.  I figured for 19 bucks what the heck.  I have also owned the Google Chromecast which I bought for $25 when it was on sale.  Overall I would give the Chromecast 1 Star and I would give the Fire TV Stick 2 Stars.  Here is why...Both the Chromecast and Fire TV Stick have an awesome form factor, I love the idea of having my streaming apps on a small quiet low power device that I can be left ON all the time or has a fast enough boot time that its up and running fairly quickly after turning everything on (I have a Harmony One remote that controls all my entertainment devices).BUT...Controlling the Chromecast and the Fire TV Stick leaves something to be desired.  The Chromecast can only be controlled by an app which means I have to use my phone/tablet (which I find rather annoying).  Amazon did one better by giving the choice between an app or an included remote.  This is the primary reason I rated the Fire TV Stick 1 Star higher than the Chromecast.  Unfortunately neither device can be controlled by my Harmony remote which basically makes them useless to me (after living in a world with 1 remote for years I'm not willing to go back to multiple).Both devices use wireless as their primary network interface, I for one have far too many 2.4GHz devices in my house for these to get reliable signal.  It took me 10 failed software updates in my basement before I gave up and moved the Fire TV Stick upstairs to get it up and running (I can only guess interference with my wireless gaming headset).  I would rate these devices higher if they supported Ethernet over HDMI.My only other remark is that I would gladly overlook all the short comings of the Fire TV Stick if it fully supported HDMI CEC.  Each TV manufacturer has their own brand name for CEC (I have two Samsung TV's and they call it Anynet+) but in short full CEC support means you could control the Fire TV Stick with the standard TV remote (the remote commands are passed over HDMI to the connected device).  For me this would mean I could use my Harmony remote to control my TV which in turn would pass the remote commands to the Fire TV Stick.Maybe someday a company will create a device that supports all the features I want but perhaps that's just wishful thinking...
UPDATE:This is an update following my initial review below, which was shortly after receipt.The Stick regularly shows that it is seeing and connecting to a very good WiFi signal from my network.  However, its ability to connect to actual streaming content is missing at least 75% of the time.  I haven't determined the optimal weekly times for best odds of viewing anything, because all of my Prime (pun intended) hours are during poor Stick operation.  I have gone through all the measures of rebooting the stick, testing connection, etc.  It simply refuses to deliver content.  I can see all the options, but it won't connect.  Primary targets are Netflix, Amazon Prime, YouTube and Pandora.  I can easily connect to those sources via other devices, such as my WiFi enabled Blu Ray player, various tablets, and a PS3.  So it appears to be exclusive to the Stick.  Ungood.  Fortunately, I only spent $20 on this device during the pre-release sale.  At this point, I cannot recommend it.  At all.  But per my review below, wow, such potential!Initial Review:I purchased the Stick during the brief promo period when it was only $20.  I previously only had Netflix streaming via the Wii, which isn't HD.  For that reason alone, I purchased the Stick.  The Pandora app is a slightly better interface than the one embedded in my Onkyo receiver.  The provided remote lagged terribly in the first hour of use.  The commands would be retained, and after a seconds/minutes of waiting, would suddenly execute all commands.  It was entirely unclear why this would happen, but it later cleared up.  There was been one more brief instance of remote lagging since then,  but when it works, it is capable.  I also tried the remote control app on my phone.  It is also fun to use, including voice command.  However, it has a swiping space that is very sensitive.  At one point I had to finesse between a slight scrolling swipe and a single press to select.  Annoying.I was prepared for only a few offerings, but there are actually quite a few.  There was an initial lengthy update to endure, and then I saw quite a few more selections than what the box showed.  I would guess that the offering will increase or change over time.  I would guess that the Stick only directs commands.  Everything else is stored in The Cloud somewhere.  This Cloud arrangement is cumbersome.  I have access to an Amazon Cloud, another from my smart phone service provider, another from Google Gmail, and even my ISP.  How does one decide which one to use for, say, photos and music?  Too many choices, so in the case of the Stick, I will use it only for my Fire TV choices.The offerings are all over the place, not a bad thing.  TV shows, movies, games, and live channels, I think.  It is confusing though, because I'm not sure how to return and find something I saw while previously surfing.  Where was it now?  There are so many categories.  Also, you have to dive into each one to find out whether it is pay-per-view, subscription based, trial/pay to upgrade, free to Prime members, or widely free.  I haven't bought anything yet, but I have "coins" -- dunno where I got them, or how to accumulate more?  Already, I am yearning for a Fire TV Field Guide.But back on point -- $20 for a dizzying array of options.  I initially got Prime for shipping savings last year, and over the past year I have come to realize how Amazon is adding benefits over time.  I would've neglected many of those, but now that I have the Stick, I'm likely to consume more viewing content.  It's great to have options.  Many of us are hooked on current content, such as Walking Dead, Mad Men, or Sons of Anarchy.  These great shows and others like them keep us paying for cable/satellite TV.  If we can just let go of that demand, we will find that there are still so many other options for those few hours we give ourselves for media consumption.  I am overwhelmed with options vs the conscious hours of the day, let alone ones I allot for media.  We need to take time to be quiet, be outside, play with family/friends, exercise, whatever.  Movies and music should be balanced with other life needs.  The Stick was a good purchase though.Verdict: Many viewing and listening options for a small entry fee.  Needs reference guide.  Occasional unexplainable remote control lagging.
For the $19 I paid, this is a spectacular product. However, it is not without flaws. Overall, I'd definitely recommend this as a very adequate streaming option that's just about idiotproof, but I'm going to list the things I dislike about it, just to make sure people are aware: * The remote's buttons are stiff and loud. The click on the remote is louder than the sound effect of menu navigation. I don't know why the buttons have to behave this way because most remotes have a softer touch and still come with a reassuring "click". * Navigation with the remote is touchy. Sometimes I'll click once and it'll react as if I pressed the button rapidly a few times. Other times it's just slow to react. This happens frequently enough that it's noticeable and annoying. Hopefully this can be fixed with a software update. * Menu navigation is the same column and row interface that's been around since the original Windows Media Center days. It's not conducive to browsing because you can only view one row at a time while you're scrolling. * Still on menu navigation, there's no room for customization. There are items I will never use (I'm looking at you, Photos), but there's no way to hide them. * Volume has to be done on a different remote. It's a bluetooth remote, so you can't easily use a universal one you probably already have instead. You can navigate on your phone, which is handy, but I'd prefer to keep my TV interactions to a dedicated remote. But, unfortunately, there's no way to control volume so I'm forced to use 2 remotes. (Since the stick has HDMI-CEC and a sleep function, there's no need to turn your TV on/off with a separate remote so volume/mute is really what requires your TV's remote.) * Search is limited to the active App. Roku is the only thing with universal search, that I'm aware of, and it's a shame it's not employed here. I'd have to manually search through multiple apps if I wanted to find something.Like I said before, I definitely recommend this just because it presents great value for price. However, I hope they provide some significant updates to allow more customization, enhance features, and fix the damn buggy remote in the near future.
You just can't beat the new Amazon First TV Stick for the price.  Simply AMAZING!!!I have had or currently have all of the streaming devices available today.  My favorite until this precious gem arrived was my Apple TV.  There are some advantages and disadvantages of each device and I'll summarize them below.- Google Chromecast:  You need a laptop, tablet or phone to operate this device.  Which can cause all kinds of frustration.  Recently I was watching Netflix through my phone on my Chromecast.  I got a phone call from a bill collector right in the middle of a movie we were watching.  Totally killed my Friday night.  For $35 it's a great deal but it is not as easy to use as people think.  And it is not a stand alone device.- Apple TV:  Apple TV is great but I really wish Apple would update this unit.  I wish it had more of an IOS 8 look to it.  It is super easy and it works great.  But as a person who really is a tech head I wish Apple would keep adding more to this.  Maybe games, CBS TV App, etc.  But overall it's an excellent device.  At $99 I think Apple should lower the price to $79 or $49.- Roku:  After the latest update it looks way better.  If you want tons of channels and never want to leave the couch this is a great item.  But it's almost information overload.  They are too many weird apps and channels.  I think they should actually limit some.  But for the price it's great.- Fire TV Stick:  This is great.  It's not just a dongle.  There is an actual computer on this stick which is amazing.  It's a stand alone device that doesn't need anything else to make it work.  Video streaming has excellent quality.  With Amazon Prime this thing is incredible.  For $39 it is the best deal right now.  It's got everything I love; Movies, TV Shows, Apps, Games, iHeart Radio, Tune In Radio, NFL Now, Watch ESPN, and more.
To be honest, at first I was ready to throw the thing out the window. I couldn't get it connect/stay connected to my wifi for the life of me. The router was less than 20 feet away and when I'd detect networks it'd show full signal. Despite that it kept dropping the connection. After about 45 minutes I was done. I was ready to box it up, send it back, and leave a one-star review. I'm glad I took a deep breath and did some research first. If you have the same issue USE THE HDMI EXTENSION! I don't why, but for some reason it solved all the connection issues. Maybe the stick didn't like being horizontal? Maybe it felt short? All I know is once I connected the extension it worked amazingly well. I've been watching movies and streaming music without any issues since. There's no buffering, the image is clear and bright (I don't have any lines or green screens like others have reported). Since I purchased it through my Prime account it already had me set up.All in all, I would highly recommend this. I was so sad when my ROKU died, and I'm pleased with this replacement. The remote's signal strength is much stronger than the ROKU and I don't need to "find" the sweet spot to get it to work. My TV is an off brand and the Fire TV Stick is working just fine.The only reason I'm giving four stars is my frustration in the first hour after opening the box. I wish it would have just worked as expected without the extension... but at least it was simple fix and it worth it in the end!All in all, I would highly recommend this. I was so sad when my ROKU died, and I'm pleased with this replacement. The remote's signal strength is much stronger than the ROKU and I don't need to "find" the sweet spot to get it to work. My TV is an off brand and the Fire TV Stick is working just fine.The only reason I'm giving four stars is my frustration in the first hour after opening the box. I wish it would have just worked as expected without the extentsion... but at least it was simple fix and it worth it in the end!
Well I don't review many item's especially here at Amazon but after my experience with this device and support I just had to share. Since I missed the initial units offered at Amazon there now backordered,  I found them at my local Staples store, so I figured I should have the same support being an Amazon product. I was pretty wrong with that assumption, my first Fire TV stick was "broken" (that's what support told me to tell Staples)  The second one works but the remote has messed up buttons (very hard to depress) I was told I need to take it back to Staples a third time and get another one..No if I take it back again it will be for a refund.  Amazon rep kept dinging me for buying it at Staples "Well Sir you bought it at Staples"  "Staples would support the device not Amazon, if the remote doesn't work you need another Fire Tv Stick"  I'm just too leery to bring it back and see what doesn't work on a third one, at least the stick works.  Then Amazon assumes I have a smart phone I don't "you can just use any android phone to contral the device" No this is why I got the Fire TV over Google Play.All that said it's not all bad, it has the streaming services I care about Netflix, Twit, and Amazon Prime...The product packaging is well thought out and makes the device feel a bit more premium then it really is at this price point. There isn't much documentation included but I really didn't find the need to look at any kind of instructions it's fairly simple to figure out.Out of the box and installing the device:  It's not till you go to plug it into your tv do you really just how big this stick is. Thankfully in the box is an HDMI extender cable, without it I don't think I could use my other HDMI port that has a Blue Jeans Tartan HDMI 4 foot White High Speed HDMI Cable with Ethernet, 28 AWG, Tartan Cable brandgoing to my Sony Blu-Ray Player.  I also ran the USB cable to power brick that it came with,  other reviews say the cable is short I have a pretty good run from my TV that sits on a riser all the way down to the floor where my surge protector is.  I had no issues in regards to power cable length.In Use:  The first Fire TV kept freezing and locking up, they it kept displaying little pink dots all over the screen, then when trying to play anything it was extremely pixelated with multi color blocks all over the place.  I like in the settings you can click to have Amazon call you,  saves me from having to look up the number and go through a million voice menu options.  So click to have someone calll and immediately the phone rings and your connected to Fire TV support.The second Fire TV Stick did NOT have these issues and so far seems to be working fine, no blurriness, so far no buffering issues though I need a few more days of testing it.  I'm still on an old G network  (Linksys WRT54G2 router).The Remote: The first remote I had was quit awesome and I wish I would of thought to ask to keep it when I exchanged it at Staples, I didn't think there would be much difference in quality from remote to remote.The remote in my current Fire TV Stick feels cheap over all, the casing is loose/flexes and the buttons require a lot of force to depress them, enough that it bothers my joints.  When I called Fire Support I was told more or less they don't support it since I bought it from Staples and Staples would have to be the one to replace it!  I was also told I could use an Android device or a Kindle device to control the stick.One other thing to note, especially if your having to go through multiple sticks to get one that works...Your forced each time you first install or reset the device to factory defaults,  to sit through a rather long and tedious introduction video there is no way to skip it.  So after 2 devices I hope I don't have to go through it again.UPDATE-----------------April 14I've had trouble for a couple months now, no matter the app this device buffers A LOT..I bought a new N router here from Amazon and that hasn't seemed to help at all. The device is only a few feet from the router  I get 20mb down 1.5 UP and I've done speed tests and tried streaming on my regular wired computer and wireless with my laptop and neither have trouble with buffering.PROS: Nice PackagingWorked with minimal issues out of the boxCONS: Poor quality controlLack of Support if purchased from anywhere other then AMAZON.COMSize (though if you use the extender not much of an issue)Forced to sit through introduction video that's long boring and tedious no way to skip
The Fire TV Stick is a great product for the price. However, I have had a Roku 3 for 9 months now and I will continue using it as my main streaming device. The main feature that the Roku has that is missing from the Fire TV Stick is searching content from all apps in a single search. On Roku you can see what videos are available (and at what price) across Amazon Prime, Hulu, Netflix, and many more services. On the Fire TV Stick you are limited to the Amazon ecosystem on the main screen and search. You have to go into apps individually to see what content is available. I have Amazon Prime but most of the videos I watch are on other services.The remote has a nice feel and is a little smaller than the Roku 3 remote. The power cable was long enough for my setup and the HDMI extension cable allowed me to plug the stick into the side HDMI port on my TV. My router is on the other side of the house and I haven't had any signal issues.I ordered this as a gift in case I ended up giving it to someone (I pre-ordered it) so it did not come tied to my Amazon account. I had to enter my Amazon password using the remote. I had to change my password to a simpler one and then back because I use generated passwords with LastPass and entering a long password on the remote is a tedious task. So if you order this as a gift for someone it will be a bit awkward to login initially. Other devices/apps display a one time code that you enter on your computer to register the device; this would be much better than the approach Amazon took.Overall, this is a very inexpensive streaming device that has nearly all of the features of any of the more expensive devices out there. You can't go wrong with the Fire TV Stick if you are looking for an inexpensive way to stream to your TV.
First and Foremost I reserve the right to come back an edit, weekly if need be.I bought two Fire TV sticks because of the amazing deal for Prime members. I had been hemming and hawing between a Fire TV, a Roku 3 or a Chromecast device for a couple of weeks and then the deal popped up. I instantly ordered them.I have used the Amazon Prime instant video app on a game console for a while now and I had an idea what to expect. Fire TV adds access to several other apps from the App store including Watch ESPN, Netflix etc. All of the biggest hitters you would want access to.Installation was a mixed bag. I initially installed the stick on my TV's 4th HDMI input on the side, I figured it would give the best access and there were 2 USB ports for power if I wanted them. However, from this position the stick was too close to the edge of my entertainment center and also close to a couple other electronics. Namely two wi-fi connected game consoles, and an external HD. I believe this caused the Wi-Fi in the Fire TV stick to have issues connecting. One other thing I did was to plug in the ac adapter. It is recommended for a more consistent power supply. I am okay with this, and I could have plugged it in to my USB ports and been fine too, or used a Y USB splitter for more juice.That wasn't so much the issue as was the software not being able to notify me of an issue. It would initially show that it was searching for networks and then the screen went blank. There was no prompt stating there were issues. Some kind of error coding when the stick is getting interference or having issues would be great.I after several failed attempts to reboot and troubleshoot, I moved to another television. I was able to connect seamlessly and update and install everything for the stick. This is all handled automatically. It's pretty painless. Once the software is installed, there is a mandatory tutorial video that I would have loved to skip. I know what I am doing, give me the option. Unstoppable videos suck.One I got through all of the set up I poked around in the menu. There are a lot of options and your normal Prime and Instant video categories. As well as access to apps and games. I look forward to playing around more and more with the Fire TV sticks. If you are a Prime member I can definitely recommend getting one for an extra tv or a basement tv or guest room. It is fairly fully featured, and I will be back to update once I have had more time with it.
It's decent it just lacks some basic apps that I expect by now from the Fire TV ecosystem. Namely NHL Gamecenter, NBA League Pass, and HBO Go (supposed to be coming soon!). You're better off getting a Roku if you're interested in streaming sports. I do have to say though, the picture quality is ASTOUNDING. I used it to watch WatchESPN for a bit and I honestly forgot that I wasn't viewing an HD Cable TV channel. Both the Chromecast and my PC don't have as good of a picture quality on my HDTV.I only spent $20 on it so I'll probably end up keeping it. Not sure I would recommend this for the full $40 price point though. At least not yet. If you aren't a Prime Member, I also wouldn't bother.--Update 4/13/2015 ---Meant to do this sooner but it does now have both HBO and NBA League Pass support. (still no NHL or NBC Sports but that's not Amazon's fault!) My major issue with it after using it for 6 months is I can't get it to reliably stream media more than 10 feet from my router. I can use it in my living room which is next to the router but if I try it in my bedroom upstairs (I live in a small rowhouse) it just buffers repeatedly. I also can't get it to connect at all to the 5Ghz upstairs. I have tried watching Watch ESPN, NBA, MLB, Netflix, and Prime shows and I don't think I've ever gone more than 30 minutes without it buffering (and that's being generous). I know it's not my router because my Chromecast works perfectly in both the living room and bedroom as well as every other connected device in my house (numerous phones, a tablet, chromebook, 2 laptops, Amazon Echo, etc etc). I'm glad I only spent $20 on but it still bums me out that it doesn't work better. I might try moving my router to a different spot but I feel like I shouldn't have to do this because everything else works fine with the router in the location that it is in.As for some pros, I do like some of the games. The the Jackbox party pack is a lot of fun especially when you have people over for a party! And I do like Crossy Road on the big screen.Overall I still only would give it 3 stars and I would not recommend this to anyone who has a router that's far away from where they plan to use it. I would say get a Roku or a Chromecast first.
Day 1: Came up just fine.  Watched one Amazon Prime movie to see that it worked. Worked fine. It did complain that I was not using the supplied power supply but in fact I was. But as it worked I figured it was ok.Day 2: Decided to bring up Netflix. Downloaded fine. Tried to play a movie and got "HDCP Unauthorized Content Disabled".  Figured Netflix was not working.  Pulled up a Prime movie and got the same message. I get sound but no picture. I unplugged and replugged and no change.  I'll keep messing with it a little longer as others reported the same issue and worked it out. The android app was great once I figured it out.  Much better than the remote.Brilliant idea but execution is weak. Got it at the $19 price so I'm still hopeful.Update: 11/25So far, no joy.  I would think that the Fire Stick wasn't compatible with my Samsung LN-S3241D TV except that it worked fine on the first day. I factory reset the stick, moved it between the two HDMI ports, power cycled the TV including unplugging it, jiggled the stick in the HDMI port, used the HDMI extension cable that came with the stick, and of course Goggled the universe looking for ideas or solutions. Tried the stick on an Asus VS247 monitor (which is HDCP compatible) and it showed video fine. (Edited: VS247 was indeed HDCP)Update 12/1I figured the Fire Stick would be great because I could now get Prime Videos right on my TV. I might actually now watch Prime Videos!  This was to be great.  Instead, every few days I check my Fire Stick to see if I've gotten the promised update.  Still no joy.Update 12/12So far I've not seen evidence of the software upgrade the Amazon tech mentioned. I now see a lot more people reporting this error. For $19 I'll keep periodically trying by plugging and unplugging things. I haven't been able to convince my wife we need a new, bigger, TV and it should fix this error (that is not certain BTW). If this will convince her then it might have been worth the money if it ever works or not ;-).I might send it back but until then I am still hoping for an update that fixes the problem. Downgraded to one star.Update 1/11/2015I've been tweaking the Fire Stick and my Samsung TV for a month now.  I tried using a Gefen HDmi Detective Plus box to place between the TV and the Fire stick in hopes it would clean up the HDMI handshake: same problem, HDCP Unauthorized. I then reconfigured my HTPC (home built AMD A10-5800K CPU + MSI FM2-A75MA-E35 FM2 AMD A75 mobo) to use HDMI/HDCP and *oops* Windows 8 Media Center immediately rejected the Samsung TV as an HDCP device.  The fire stick and Media Center worked fine on the two different HDMI/HDCP monitors I have (Asus VS247 & Viewsonic VX2703).  My conclusion is that my 8 year old Samsung LN-S3241D TV, while prominently claiming to be HDCP, is not living up to the standard.  It did work for one day which was why I've persisted.  I've noticed that the message "HDCP Unauthorized Content Disabled" is consistent in other devices (e.g., Roku in Googling around for solutions) and tells me it was the TV that was refusing to go HDCP.  However, the Media Center also detected the substandard HDCP implementation and so I wonder why the Fire Stick couldn't do the same.  It could then still let us try and use it as clearly some TVs are intermittently HDCP compliant.Since it is not solely the Fire Stick's fault, I've upgrade my review to a 3 as the Fire Stick can still do a better job of telling us if the TV appears HDCP compliant (or give us an app we can run that will do it). I did buy it for the core purpose of getting Amazon Prime Videos onto our family TV so that is still a major disappointment as it initially appeared to work.Update 2/16/2015Based upon a hint in an HowToGeek article, I ordered an HDMI Splitter that ignores HDCP (model VHD-1X2MN3D, $23.95 from Amazon Market). I plugged the Fire Stick into the Splitter and plugged the HDMI output of the splitter into my TV.  Woo Hoo!  I can now play amazon prime videos on my HDCP-challenged Samsung TV.So, Fire Stick $19 plus said HDMI Splitter $23.95 plus one month of looking for solutions and I can now show, using the Fire Stick, Amazon prime movies on our family room TV. I just love being on the bleeding edge ;-). Can't wait to get my Amazon Echo.
The good (so far): Initial welcome video was cool.  Setup was simplified with the included remote.  Which was my dislike with the Chromecast.  The remote is radio frequency so don't have to point at the tv!The bad (so far): Gray and black setup menu seems old and cheap.  WiFi reception issues.  The Chromecast connected to the same TV(downstairs) connected to the router (upstairs) without problem.  Fire TV Stick connected to the same router shows good WiFi strength but once connected it has problem staying connected.  Moved Fire TV Stick to upstairs TV and everything was fine.  I thought basic function/apps like Netflix(since it was advertised to work with that as well as other streaming services) would already be on but nooo you have to download it.  Which is not a problem.  Decided to show off to the wife by launching Netflix and playing one of her Korean flix that current & in HD format.  Got audio and subtitles(in English - that's another story) but the video comes on and freezes.  Tried it again and does the same thing.  Switched to another Korean flix same thing.  Not a problem with WiFi speed cause I'm able to look at Amazon Pic and other Amazon related feature without a problem.  Connected the Roku 3 back in and that works flawlessly.  Also, could not get the Amazon Fire TV Remote App for Android to work.  It couldn't find the unit.By this time the wife said, "Put my Ruku back on.  Return it!  I want my money back".  I'm sure the Fire TV Stick needs firmware update to fix initial release bugs.  Did not get a chance to try the regular Netflix movies or other apps/services.  Hopefully Amazon will release a new firmware fix soon or maybe I just got a defective Fire TV Stick.  Did I mention I like the remote?
Amazon FireTV StickI ordered the base unit without the voice control remote. I did install the free Amazon fire TV app on my android phone. The Stick is capable of working with Amazon prime, Netflix, Pandora and many other services. Plus games, music, photos and more. I plugged mine into my A/V receiver but it should work the same plugged into your TV. It gets its power from a USB port on the side of the stick. If your equipment has a USB port the power can come from that. But it seems to need a little more power than a standard USB. It comes with a small wall power plug to USB adapter. When I plugged it into my A/V receiver's USB it did work but warned me it would work better with the included power adapter. It also failed to do an update when power came from the A/V receiver. Although everything else seemed to work ok. After using the included wall power adapter the update went fine.The menu system gives Amazon preference which is not surprising. The menu is laid out along the left side of the screen. Movies, music, watch list, new releases, etc. these are all from Amazon. There is also a home choice. From Home you access Netflix, Hulu Plus, Pandora,,etc.  So you could think of it as having Amazon services on the first tier of the menu and the other services on a second tier.The navigation controls are very responsive. I like the remote layout. It's very much like a Roku remote in size and layout. The big difference is there is no ok button. Instead it has a more conventional arrangement of a select button in the center of the navigational up, down, left , and right buttons. Video and sound quality are very good.I have not had any video stuttering or any other artifact showed up. One feature I did like was adjusting the screen to your monitor. When I first used it, it displayed 4 symbols at the edge of the display, at the top, bottom, left, and right side of the screen. You can then adjust it so the picture is sized right for your monitor.As mentioned there is an android app. iOS coming soon they say. It turns your android device into a fully functional remote with voice control. You must turn on the androids Wi-Fi for it to work. It does everything the basic remote does plus adds voice search. The voice search works very well. The voice search always searches  Amazon. In other words if you're in Netflix browsing and you use voice search it takes you to the video but in Amazon video not Netflix. You can use voice search from anywhere but it always searches Amazon.Video playing features: If watching a series it will auto play the next show after a small wait. After watching a movie or at the end of a series it will recommend similar movies/series.So far I've had it freeze up while navigating the menus a few times. This happened while quickly pressing the nav buttons. I've had no problems while watching videos. I had to unplug the power to reset it. As this is a brand new product I don't find this terribly concerning as many manufacturers seem to release products before their time and fix them with updates. So I assume this will get better with age. If not, then I recommend installing it so you can either get to the the Stick or the power plug easily making resetting easier.
Setup was easy minus the upgrade. Not sure if it was because everyone and their mother were downloading the update, but it was slow! I received 2 of these in the mail. I installed on both TV's that I have. Here are the pro's and con'sPros:* I have all my favorite apps, like Netflix, iHeartRadio, and so on.* Great WiFi range. I was able to connect in both rooms no problem. the Chromecast had issues.* You can play games! woohoo* Love Amazon Music.* Super quick when not running an appCons:* Sometimes it runs slow, however, it could be the apps I am running.* Slow downloading updates* Amazon music doesn't have their stations on fire tv yet :(* Can not install the fire tv app on my Fire HD 7!!! WTH* Can't Mirror your device(See below EDIT2)All in all I really like it. I feel like it is better than Chromecast. However, I still have not tried out a few things, like the mirror screen. I would also like to mirror my computer screen. I do not think this does it, as i didn't see an option for that.For $40, it is worth it if you stream your movies/TV/music and play games.######EDIT:Just some updates. Not sure if an issue with everyone but it is recommended to plug the power cord into the wall, instead of the USB on the side of the TV. I do believe it just needs more power to run the processor. The length of the power cord looks to be only 6 feet long, which is kind of short to me. On my one TV it was fine, the other one, I had to do some stretching!I will update when I do some mirroring from device to TV######EDIT2:I have yet to get the mirroring to work on ANY of my devices. I have the Nexus 7(2013), Samsumg Galaxy S5, and the Fire HD 7. All did not connect. They acted like they were going to, but didn't. I am dropping the rating down another star because of this. it is advertised to work and it doesn't. I tried restarting device and router to make sure everything was running at optimal performance. Also, i noticed that my WiFi on one of my devices gets weak. they are both connected to the outlet, so they should have enough power. I may have to go back to google chromecast for my mirroring. plus i can mirror chrome on desktop with chromecast. I'm just a bit disappointed that this feature doesn't work :(######EDIT3:So I gave my other fire stick to my parents. They love it, as they just use it for streaming on netflix. They were using the Wii before, so this was sooooo much better to use. better UI. So if you need a streaming stick, this is it 5 stars. However, if you are a super user like me, it lacks in a few area's to make it a chromecast killer.Do note, that this is the first version, and only a week into using it. So, software and hardware updates may change this little device, and make it even better for super users! Until then, 3 stars.
I have had the Roku, Google Chromecast, and now I have tried the Amazon Fire Stick.  I was going to to send this piece back to Amazon as it is just not where it should be.  The remote is cheap and the interface just doesn't seem to work with the remote.  I started to watch a program and a few minutes later I need to change it to something else.  No clue as to how to go back.  I had to exit out of Netflix completely and then try to go into the app again.  (Edit here I found there is a close Netflix button)When I did the screen would do nothing. . .nothing. . .nothing...then it went crazy and started to scroll uncontrollably.  I had to unplug the unit and found it was extremely hot.  I do not think that should happen.  (Update I have been using this for about a week since this happened and it has not happened since.  I will need to keep am eye on to make sure it does not happen again)A couple of the real downsides to this product are the inability to search on Prime.  If there is a way I could not find it after about a half hour of looking.  I had to log back onto my computer to add a program I knew was one prime.The other is the issue with lack of an apple app. Perhaps searching and running this will be easier with the Iphone/Ipad app.  I really dislike to use of an additional remote.  So now I have one for my tv, one for cable, one for the stereo, one for the Bluray player.  I really do not need anothe remote to look after.  If only I could find a universal remote that actually was good for everything.The Google Chromcast has a nice app that allows me to broadcast from either my Iphone or Ipad.  I have never had an issue with it.  The Fire TV Stick will eventually have an app.  I just don't think I care to wait for that to come out.I am going back to my Chromecast.  I do not need to play games or want to buy an additional controller to do so.I only wish that Amazon Video was available of the Chromecast as an app.This is my first purchase that Amazon has put out that I have been unhappy with.  I am going to keep the product after some thinking about it.  This is the first edition and it looks like they are able to upgrade.  Hopefully some of these issues will be fixed.
The firetv stick at this time does not appear to support home theater receivers. I tried with 3 different Onkyo receivers including my TX NR 1008 and the device will not display a picture. The screen is black with a dark black bar at the bottom that flickers. I was really disappointed, as all other devices work fine with my receivers. I was forced to plug the device straight into my television so I am not receiving any surround sound. If it were not for the fact that this is a brand new device that MIGHT be able to be fixed with a software update I would rate this a 1 star. To the contrary, if this device worked with my receivers I would have given it 5 stars.If you are planning on just using this with a TV then this is by far the best HDMI smart stick on the market. It is very fast, has ever streaming service (except for HBO) and with a little know how, you can side load android APK's.I hope that this is a simple firmware issue that will be resolved in the coming weeks at which point in time, I will edit this review. Same goes for if this issue is NOT resolved.Update: After speaking to 5 different representatives at amazon after posting a question on their forums, they confirmed that the firetv stick DOES NOT WORK WITH HOME THEATER RECEIVERS! I think that it is VERY deceptive for amazon to advertse this product as supporting 7.1 audio when the device cannot be plugged into a receiver.Not to mention that the customer service was TERRIBLE, the first 4 people that I spoke to had no idea what a receiver was or what HDMI was!  I am a huge fan of Amazon but my experience with the firetv stick has been nothing but disappointing.Update: I posted this issue in the Amazon forums before writing this review and just yesterday got some help from Michael James (thank you)!There is a workaround to get the fire tv stick to work on your receiver. I have edited my review to reflect this fix, however, I am knocking them 1 star due to the terrible customer service that told me and others, "the stick will not work with receivers". @ Amazon Dev Team, This is still a bug as the device should work with receivers in Auto Mode.I was able to get it to work by changing the Picture Mode setting from Auto to 'Direct'. Before plugging in the Fire TV Stick, change to the input you want to use, then press:Receiver-->Home-->Setup-->Choose Source Setup-->Picture Adjust-->Picture Mode-->Set to Direct (not Auto)
UPDATE: I am leaving my original review at the bottom, since much of it is applicable still. After a few months of using this thing, I've decided to downgrade the rating to 2 stars because of 2 main issues. First:Video quality is not always great. I have very fast internet at home so this is definitely on Amazon's side. I think even their "HD" content is heavily compressed and possibly an interpolated frame rate as well. Some things look perfect, others wonky.Sound out of sync and/or crackling: This happens OFTEN, sometimes by as much as 1 or 2 seconds where the audio is either ahead of or lagging behind the picture. Sometimes pausing and restarting works, other times I have to shut the whole thing off and restart. This happens on average once per day. Other times there will be a lot of weird static noises. So far pausing/unpausing fixes it. Regardless, none of the other streaming devices I've used have this issue so it's kind of annoying.Amazon has a serious issue with not understanding how to design products for consumers.Amazon, we need to talk. Have you ever actually used an entertainment system? Do you understand how power strips work? Did you deliberately design your plug to be as small and inconvenient at the same time as possible? You can actually plug this in and take up three outlets in a typical powerstrip. I have 1 empty spot. Did you think that this strategy might force people to get rid of competing products? Have you ever seen the plug Apple uses? Notice how it tucks right in, taking up exactly the space it deserves and no more? LIKE MAGIC!Anyhow, the plug is awful. They also have a big warning about not using any other cables or plugs. After this unreasonably angry rant I plan on googling some specs to see if the apple plugs will work (it's just a plug with a USB port, so I assume it's fine). If not, I might return this.Let's get positive for a second: It works well! I briefly owned the other amazon TV roku copy, which had poor and shifting video quality and just a lot of wonkiness that seemed bad even in beta. When I got the offer to buy this for $20, I figured even if it is nothing more than a amazon prime/netflix/hulu player, that would be just fine.It had trouble setting itself up. I had to unplug it and start over twice (this was what the dongle suggested doing). I have fast internet that otherwise had no problems that night, but maybe Amazon was overloaded. Once updated, it puts you through an infuriatingly stupid cartoon with exceptionally patronizing instructions that you cannot skip. If I ever meet anyone involved in making this video I will punch them in the face (I'm not even kidding). Oh wait, be positive. The set up includes a handy moment where you can hit mute and go pee. Both me and my dog needed to pee so this worked out well. Adding insult to this cartoonish injury, the system is fairly well designed and intuitive. I had planned on using online help/the user manual if I got stuck, but I never needed to. If you are illiterate or possibly a dog, you might appreciate the video though.The video quality was a-ok! The system turned on quickly.One quirk: while watching an offering from Prime TV the audio and video got out of sync. Pausing and unpausing fixed it on the first try.I have a Sharp Smart TV. The TV's remote works with the Fire TV (both of them), which is great. I assume that means most universal remotes would also work.I haven't yet got the audio for my entertainment system back to full power (my new TV and old receiver are not compatible) so I can't comment on the audio performance. Unlike the fire box, this does not have an audio out other than the HDMI port. I really only care about having solid stereo audio (no surround sound or the like) so I don't think I'll care much about any possible limitations there, but something to consider.I was hoping I'd be able to mirror my ipad and occasionally laptop screen and right now it seems that is not possible, which is a disappointment. But, I would imagine this is something that can be fixed soon.Overall, so long as the plug issue can be resolved and get some sort of assurance or solution for mirroring a real tablet I will likely keep it, especially for $20. After the holidays we plan on canceling netflix so the convenience this thing will give us in accessing amazon prime alone makes it worth hanging onto. I don't think it's worth $40, but at the same time that's still not that much.
I have both Roku and Chromecast streaming stick and I just got the Fire TV stick.  Right away I had a couple problems with the Fire TV Stick.  I initially plugged it in to my Samsung 20" LCD.  After the splash screen, I got no picture.  Tried several different things over the course of an hour with no luck.  I then tried another television and it worked.  This is the first HDMI device that did not work with this samsung TV.  Compared with ROKU I found the content quite limited, All of the major content was there(Netflix; hulu; youtube; etc) but there was no where near the content available that was available on the Roku.  Also, unlike the ROKU I hade to use the supplied power dongle.  If I tried plugging the USB into the TVs USB port like I did with the ROKU, I got an error message that the power was not adequate.  I also noticed that the video would get a little choppy compared to the ROKU even though I used it on the same TV in the same location with the same service(HULU).  This was really obvious with the screen mirroring from my android device.  With the ROKU the video was smooth and with the Fire TV Stick it was choppy.  All in all this device is OK and may be preferred for a less techy user.  Adding channels to the ROKU can get a little confusing.  Since this is version 1 of the device, I think that it will improve with later versions.  The chromecast streaming stick is not nearly as good as either the ROKU or the FireTV stick.  Also this device supports WIDI/Miracast. If you have a PC with Windows 8.1 that supports WIDI/Miracast, you will be able to mirror your PC screen to either the FireTV or the ROKU.....However, it seems that PCs that support this intel standard are not readily available.
3 stars because even though it has some issues and annoyances, you can't really expect a ton for $25.  With that said, if any one of the 'cons' are deal-breakers for you, the price won't matter and you will be better off w/ a Roku or Android TV.Pros:super cheap.Seems snappy enough.  There was some sluggishness early on, but it's been smooth ever since.Better Amazon Prime interface than on the Roku.  The AP Roku app hasn't been updated in what seems like years, and it's slow, cumbersome, and dated as a result.  The Fire TV Stick is much better.A decent number of games.The remote is nice and small and easy to use.Cons:The wi-fi seems to be tempermental.  It wouldn't detect my router (even though over a dozen other devices of all types never have issues).  I had to go into my router config screen and change the channel.The remote doesn't appear to be IR, so you'd think it doesn't need line-of-sight, but I just covered it with my hand and it wouldn't work.  Oddly enough, the second I removed my hand, all the button pressed were sent to the stick at once.  Seems like the remote is listening for a confirmation that the stick received the signals, and if it doesn't get it, it keeps sending 'em.  Either way...Roku 3 has a better remote that doesn't require line of sight.Buying the same apps again for the Amazon ecosystem is kinda lame.  This is more of an issue w/ Plex, but it could still help determine if you want to purchase this device.Many of the TV show tiles show up as seasons.  You can  jump through seasons after clicking the tile, but why display as seasons?  In some areas, Workaholics season 3 and season 4 were a few tiles apart.  That's clutter.  Show me one icon for each show and lemme pick the season on the info screen.The REW and FFW buttons do not skip through pages of tiles like they would in virtually every app on the Roku 3.No Youtube or HBO Go app.  Roku has both.Amazon, for some unknown reason, accepted then didn't accept, then once again accepted my new credit card, but the Plex app still says there was a problem with the purchasing method every time I attempt to go download it again.  This kind of stuff needs to be ironed out if they want to be taken seriously.As a Prime member, I thought I was getting a sweet deal with a pre-ordered a stick for $19 back in early November.  To my surprise, the device isn't scheduled to ship until December 12th even though Best Buy had an entire display full of sticks for only $25 in stores today.  Making Prime members who are early adopters wait because Amazon wants to fill a retailers orders is a horrible way to treat your most loyal customers.  They may have gotten my dollars this time, but I will surely remember this experience in the future, and will be less likely to jump so early.All in all, with some time to tweak the interface and systems and get more apps, this could be a very solid streaming option.  When it comes to streaming hardware, the lack of one key app or feature will be a deal breaker.  Get Youtube, HBO Go, and various sports streaming apps (BTN2Go, Fox Sports Go, CBS Sports, etc.) and they will have a winner.
Brilliant device! Extremely pleased with the fire TV stick. Miles ahead of the it’s in-class competition and better than units costing twice as much.I’m going to admit I have a bit of a problem, I collect gadgets. I own so many other set top boxes including Apple Tv, Roku, Roku Stick, Google Chromecast, Google Nexus Player, and Amazon FireTV. So I think I am able to judge the relative merits of each.If you are new digital streaming, this is the one to get.  No other device even comes close to the price, performance, and features of the FireTV stick.  At $40 this device is a steal, find it on sale and the deal is a no brainer.Compared to roku stickMy biggest disappointment with the Roku stick is it is unusably slow.  The menus can be impossible to navigate, scrolling around the content you have to sit and wait for everything to load.  Click right 3 times and the system may go right 1 square or 7 squares completely randomly.  Try to open a movie to read its description, prepare to wait about 5 seconds for it to load.  In comparison the FireTV stick is incredibly fast.  You can scroll around as fast as you can and you never see loading tiles and have a smooth beautiful experience without frame drops.  The Roku requires a monk like level of patience, the fire stick will impress even the most impatient user.Compared to ChromecastFirst I loved the Chromecast, I bought 4 of them and gave them away as gifts.  The Chromecast is, bar none, the best way to extend your cell phone unto a TV.  But I want to watch movies and tv shows.  I don’t want to have to sit there with my cell phone out just to watch something.  The first time you really see a problem with the Chromecast is that moment you want to watch something only to realize that your cell phone is dead and you don’t get to watch something, because you have to charge your cell phone.  The Chromecast is so simple its complex, great for people who live on their cell phones 24/7 but will collect dust in the house of normal people.What are you waiting for buy one already!
One day review:So far the Fire Stick has exceeded the Chromecast in all areas except one, at least for now. I do not have a SmartTV. I have a regular HDTV (meaning no apps). Everything minus the Mirror casting has worked with no problems.Pros: Access to my Prime stuff (movies, music, etc). Of course Chromecast will not do this.Setup: EASY. Entering your wifi password must match exactly. Lowercase or Uppercase DO matter.Remote: Simple, although searching takes time unless you have the voice remote (not included) or the app which works on the Fire HDX 8.9" with Fire OS 4.5.1. People have been reporting some issues with various things with an update, so far no conflict with the OS update and the Fire Stick, which did update to new software upon setup.Videos: They start almost instantly, at least from Amazon. Netflix videos may take a few seconds longer, but NO complaint there.Music: Great. Much louder with the better speakers on my TV.Photos: Have not used.Games: Have not used through Fire Stick.The Fire Stick app, which can easily be searched for, comes with a voice search option. I'm not 100% sure, but I think it only works on the HDX versions. The app is free and the device, (Kindle or not) must have a built-in microphone. Like the app says and the ad page for the Voice remote you can 'speak' any actor's name, movie name, whatever and control the Fire Stick with the tablet (in my case). A reviewer said he couldn't get out of the app without a hard reboot. Simply swiping up from the bottom in portrait mode will bring up the Home and Back options so you can get out of the App.The four stars was stretching  bit, because at present, I cannot get the Mirror cast function to work. Even if you have a TV that is NOT Mirracast enabled, I 'think' I read somewhere that the Fire Stick eliminates that. So the user is Mirror casting through the Fire Stick. I'm not sure. I hope there is a solution as this is one of the factors in my purchase
Hated the mandated intro video, that I seemingly had to watch. Otherwise it's all it says it is. Tons of apps already on the market. Video plays flawless, and I love that I can take and play all my amazon purchased movies anywhere.Edit: So after some time using the product, seems there are a few issues. The majority of them being connection issues. It will randomly loose connection, and only resetting will fix the issue. This has happened with multiple apps, various times. The next biggest issue I'm ran into pretty frequently is my netflix account keeps loosing the account information. This seems to happen every few days, almost as I've never used the netflix app before. It could be an app problem, but I've yet to have the problem on any of the other devices I use or have used the netflix app on. And as stated by some other users, the remote couldn't feel more cheap. I fear if I use it, it may fall apart in my hand.Edit: changed to one star. After months of trying to use it, I've come to realize its basically a piece of junk. Ive had the I love amazon blinders on. It may work if you want to watch one 30 mins show. I can guarantee using netflix on mine its going to stop playing the movie half way through, about 45 mins. Using the plex app it will eventually crash the entire device sending it into a reboot loop forever until I reset it. If you purchase something like a season pass from amazon sometimes the show wont actually show up, but it will have the one from hulu. Hulu in itself is another issue. The device may as well be the hulu device, its totally intergrated into it and no way to get rid of it. Any searches will bring up hulu content. Of course the remote has gotten worse with time, the buttons seem to get stuck, so one click turns into 2 or 3. Youll attempt to push right one selection and it will scroll across the screen.
So many differences. I am an Amazon Prime users (for years now). I get all the devices (except the phone - are you kidding me on that one - anywho).  There are so many differences from the Amazon Fire Tablet, Fire TV, Fire TV stick, Amazon App on Roku, Amazon on the web (to watch and listen). That it is really crazy keeping up. Together, they are all great, but each one lacks something. For now I will focus on the Fire TV and Fire TV stickBad Amazon:1) Ads on the Fire TV stick- even for Prime members. This was not mentioned before purchasing. This is not on the Fire TV unit, just the stick. Really, Really Bad Amazon.2) Amazon Music was not originally on the Fire TV console, but they did add it. However, they left off the Amazon Music Prime. It will only play songs you own. Bad Amazon.3) Amazon stick supports voice search, but the remote to use it is by phone app or you have to purchase a separate one. Fire TV console comes with this remote. Not so bad, but Amazon could have been clearer about this in the ad before purchase. (it is there, just not all that clear for my taste).4) The Amazon Roku app is better for Amazon music, the only thing better is the Amazon web site for music. Only the website is the best for finding music you want to purchase. It shows all the options for a title, the others do not.5) Genres selections are pre-set for you. On the Web there are a lot of selections. On Fire products there is a limited number of them. Why not offer me the choice of which ones to show. Plus, why is there no LGBT Genres for Prime (only there for purchasing)?6) Would be nice if you could plug other HDMI devices into it - as a pass through, when not in use. I only have 1 HDMI port, I have to swap it in and out or purchase an HDMI hub. A pass through feature would make it so much better than others.I could go on, but those are the most frustrating for me at the moment.
I was looking for a simple, easy solution to watch Amazon Prime Video on my non-Smart HDTV in my bedroom. When the Fire TV Stick was introduced at a very low pre-order price, I jumped right on it. Now that I have received it, I couldn't be happier. It works perfect for what I wanted it for, and has bunch of other extras.Out of the box, setting it up couldn't be easier. Plug the stick into an HDMI port on your TV. Connect the USB power source. Install the included batteries into the remote, and you're good to go. Upon initial startup, you'll have to enter you network information. Afterwards, the Fire TV Stick will download any available updates. Upon my first connection, a software update was available and installed. After installation, I had to enter my network information again, and that was it. The first time you use the Fire TV Stick, you're forced to watch a fairly short cartoon tutorial video. There is no way to skip it, so just let it play. It's only a few minutes. Once it's over, you all set to explore all Fire TV Stick's features. My Fire TV Stick came pre-registered to my Amazon Account, which was a nice touch. You can change it if you wish. Since Amazon Prime Video is what I purchased it for, that is the first thing I tried. I wasn't disappointed. It's very simple to navigate Amazon's video library via the small remote control, and playback worked perfectly. HD content looked great on my modest 32" 720p HDTV. I have a very fast Verizon FiOS internet connection, and had no issues with buffering at all. If you're not a Prime Member, you get a free 30 day trial. I also tried some of the other services, apps, and games. The apps and games are very limited, but everything I tested seemed to work well. There is an Android app to use in place of the remote control if you wish, but I haven't felt the need to download it. An Apple App is going to be released shortly. If there is one thing I wish the Fire TV Stick had but doesn't as of yet, is a web browser app. Perhaps in the future. Even without it, I'm very happy with my purchase of the Fire TV Stick. Perhaps owners of the Roku or Chromecast might feel that the Fire TV Stick isn't as good. I don't have those devices to compare, but I'm satisfied with what the Fire TV Stick can do.
Delivered to my mailbox on a Sunday, well ahead of both the date originally promised by Amazon, as well as the revised date. Setup was straightforward, less than 10 minutes from opening the box to selecting a WiFi connection, entering passphrase, and downloading/installing software updates. Having the tutorial play *before setup* would have been useful. Amazon online support is available at http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/?ie=UTF8&nodeId;=201622650.When I got a Chromecast last year, I explored 1-month trials of Amazon Prime, Netflix, and Hulu (the latter lasted about 10 minutes, when I realized that Hulu TV was riddled with ads), and Redbox on demand (which was an even shorter trial when I found that it required Silverlight). Of the three, Amazon Prime content came closest to my interests, but watching it without an Amazon device was awkward.My media consumption is primarily PBS OTA broadcasts, Pandora, Google Play Music, YouTube, Comedy Central (which streams without ads!) and the occasional Red Box rental. I don't have a Playstation, X-Box, Roku, or smart TV.I can see no difference in broadcast quality, sound, or performance between the Chromecast and the Amazon Fire Stick with Xfinity providing a 30 Mbps download speed. Both devices run at about the same temperature, and each performs best with a dedicated USB power source and HDMI extender cable (included with both).There is a Fire TV remote app for Android devices (including tablets), but the user interface is bizarre, a blank gray screen that works more or less like the handheld remote: all action occurs on the TV screen, not on the tablet, so the lack of physical buttons makes using it a disorienting experience. As with a Chromecast, the Fire TV Stick and the Android device must be on the same Wi-Fi connection to interact with each other; that is, if you have a dual-band router, and the Fire TV is connected with the 5.0 gHz band, the Android device cannot find the Fire TV Stick if it is using the 2.4 gHz band. The sole benefit of the Android app is that it adds voice input, which is one way to avoid the awkward native search function.I don't think it's just a case of familiarity, but I find a Chromecast to be a far more useful device. Here are a few reasons:* Basic OperationChromecast: Start casting from any device and the Chromecast turn on the TV, automatically selecting the appropriate HDMI port. I didn't realize how convenient this was until the Fire TV stick arrived. Remote, what remote? Whatever I have am using at the moment is my remote.Fire TV Stick: Some reviewers have commented that type size for on-screen program information is too small; on a 40" TV program descriptions are barely readable at 10 feet; a 48" or larger TV is required for easy reading.* Movies & TVChromecast: Streaming Amazon Prime Instant Video content requires tabcasting, which turns a laptop into a lap heater. It's not the most efficient approach.Fire TV Stick: Streaming Amazon Prime Instant Video content is a pleasure. Since we never had more than basic cable, there are a host of series that I have never seen (6 Feet Under, The Sopranos, etc.,) plus Amazon TV offerings, and about the same selection of movies I would get from Redbox. My use of Redbox DVD rentals is probably mostly in the past, especially since Redbox is raising prices in December.* MusicChromecast: Everything I own, including MP3s digitized from LPs is in Google Play Music. For what I don't own, Pandora continually surprises and delights with unexpected content, as well as extended "liner notes" about performers and performances.Fire TV Stick: Except for CDs picked up at live performances, virtually all my recent music purchases have been MP3s and CDs purchased from Amazon, so they are accessible. On the other hand, they are all in Google Play Music, which has a much richer user interface. The Pandora app is similar to the Android version, but is not as easy to use with the remote.* Apps & GamesChromecast: I'm not a gamer. The list of Chromecast-enabled apps is now in excess of 1000.Fire TV Stick: Very few, none of personal interest. If Amazon can attract developers this may change, but for now, Amazon apps for the Fire TV Stick are far, far behind the competition.* YouTube/Tabcasting Local ContentChromecast: EffortlessFire TV Stick: Fuhgeddaboudit from a laptop. A Kindle Fire HDX is required.For my media habits, in every area other than Prime Instant Video content, the Chromecast wins hands down. If I subscribed to Hulu or Netflix I might feel differently. If I had an Amazon Fire HDX tablet (which can fling content to the screen), I might feel differently.In my brief experience, the Amazon Fire TV Stick was easy to set up and performs as well as, but no better than a Chromecast, but is harder to use due to the remote and user interface, and has more limited functionality.Bottom line for me: At $20, the Amazon Fire TV Stick was well worth the price of admission just to be able to watch Prime Instant Video content easily, and in this way it complements, rather than competes with a Chromecast. At the full retail price of $40, it's a harder sell, especially compared with the Roku stick, which offers more content.----------------------------Update, December 17: After three weeks of uneventful performance, tonight the Fire TV Stick froze up while watching a NetFlix movie; the stick wasn't unduly warm, but the TV just kept displaying a rotating arrow while it attempted to reload. The remote was useless, and could not be used to control the stick. After unplugging and powering down the stick. I switched to the Chromecast, and watched the rest of the film without interruption. From now on, the Fire TV Stick will be used for Amazon Prime, and nothing else. I hope it is more reliable with Amazon content.Update, April 17: I don't know when the software update was done, but pressing and holding the Home button now brings up a 3-button menu in which Sleep is the default choice. As previously, if it's asleep, pressing the Home button turns on the TV. Huge usability improvement. In addition, passwords are now displayed as they are typed, rather than each character disappearing after a brief delay. This makes it far easier to enter a long, complex, mixed-case, alphanumeric password — something that was nearly impossible when the Fire TV Stick was first released.
I own a Chromecast and right off the bat I can tell this is a much better piece of hardware. Not surprising given its specs. It's zippy, transitions are smooth and quick and the picture quality is much better than that of Chromecast (using comparable apps). For instance, Blu-Ray movies played from my local network via the same Real Player App are better with the Fire TV stick than with Chromecast. There's less buffering, the sound is better and the overall picture quality is top notch.Amazon does a really good job with the user experience with this device IMHO. Having a remote is the first step in that direction. Even the Netflix-inspired carousel, addition of your Prime wishlist and having a separate Prime tab (to show free content for Prime members) are all great. Amazon owns IMDB so it's no surprise that IMDB ratings are there on most content, yet another plus. The app selection is surprisingly large. Not only are you able to find an install music and video apps, but also games, screensavers, weather and news apps. The few basic (casual) games I tried, worked well using the included remote. Basically, the end goal here for Amazon is to have any app that is available on its Kindle app store. Another surprise big plus here was the inclusion of a LIVE 24-hour CBS and Bloomberg news apps. I don't know how Amazon pulled that one off, but kudos.Moreover, the Fire TV stick also allows connecting to WiFi networks that require access through a login page, something that the Chromecast doesn't support. A huge boon for travelers. I paid $19.99 for the device on pre-order but I would not hesitate to pay full price for it considering all the extras you get over other comparable devices.Now for the demerits of the product. So far, just one. From the get go this has been a buggy product, requiring several reboots to get  functionality working. For instance, it took me multiple reboots to get it to show up on my iOS and Android Youtube apps as a Miracast device and even then it wouldn't stick around. I have yet to be able to see the Fire TV stick as a Miracast option on my other supported apps, where Chromecast shows up. The much touted device mirroring functionality has also been a dud and MIA on my device. When I turned on my device this morning, no Prime content would load and the device would get stuck in a perennial black "loading" screen. This was only repaired after a hard reboot on the device.I suspect Amazon will have an OTA update to fix these glitches, but it just shows poor QA on their part. I did not have such issues with Chromecast. All in all, a great device and one that will ensure I finally start consuming more Prime Video content. Unfortunately, when it comes to software reliability "it's still day 1 for Kindle TV stick".
Using Fire TV Stick in place of my Xbox to stream content to my non-smart HDTV.  When it works, it's nice.  But, it doesn't always work.  Have had issues where device let's me navigate to Netflix, then when in Netflix I click on the show I want to watch, and it selects a different show.  When I back out and try again, same story.  Also, I will get Netflix connection issues, where the Fire TV Stick lets me check the Netflix servers, and I get a bunch of red X's.  Log into Netflix on any of my other computers over the same Wifi network, works just fine.  Unplugging the Fire TV Stick(which, BTW, is the ONLY way to reboot it, and is supremely tedious as my 50" TV is in a corner, the HDMI is on the back, and I have all of my wires loomed to keep them out of sight...) miraculously fixes the "Netflix" red X's.  Then, today, the supplied remote started having issues.  Navigate normally, nothing.  Try again, nothing.  Press multiple things in an obviously frustrated attempt to not launch it to help power the probe on that asteroid, nothing.  Then, all of a sudden, EVERYTHING.  That's right, all of those commands just happened at once.  I think I broke the internet.  So, maybe those Chinese batteries are already dead.  Swap out some fresh AAA's, but, alas, supreme delayed reaction continues.  Have the remote app on both of our smart phones, it works just fine.  So, to recap, got it last Thursday, today is Sunday, so, we've been using it for less than 96 hours, and it is no great improvement over the Xbox it was replacing.  Also, since my TV is older and only has 1 HDMI input, I do not have the Xbox available as an installed backup for the next time the Fire TV Stick disappoints me.  And it will, of that I have no doubt.  Who the hell Beta tested this thing?  They need a spanking.  $20 wasted.Oh, and I tried sending feedback to firesticktv-feedback-us@amazon.comRejected Address
I'm a media addict and have been for well over a decade.  I have tried all sorts of solutions under the sun to try and create a mostly seamless experience in being able to both stream media and access locally stored media.  I have Chromecasts which with their single 2.4Ghz band support are mostly worthless in my subdivision due to interference.  I recently went to Plex to host all of my local content which has exceeded my expectations so now anything that I'm looking to use must support it which the FireTV stick does perfectly.  Beyond local content, Netflix and Amazon Instant Video (I'm a Prime Member) work perfect as well.I do not believe in the current trend of "Smart TV's" and I actually go out of my way to stay away from them.  I prefer to "bring my own" intelligence to the TV and so far the FireTV is the best answer.I love the fact this comes with its own remote and can be purely standalone without the need for other devices (PC/Phone) in order to stream although I do hope that in the next generation they add IR capability to be able to control the volume.  I also think adding the ability to control the stick via IR (with an extension cable) for those of us with universal remotes would be a step in the right direction.Update 1/1/2015: I have purchased a few more bringing my total to 4 sticks in the house.  As other reviewers have indicated WIFI range/speed seems to be a bit spotty and not because of the distance of my router which is only 20ft away.  I have also experienced some problems in streaming Netflix content while Plex and Amazon work just fine (in addition to having to sign in to Netflix each time).  Additionally, I have found that it is incompatible with my Samsung DLP (Rear Projection) receiving the "Unsupported mode" error.  I tried fixing this by manually setting the resolution from Auto down to other settings but was unsuccessful in getting it to display.  This is obviously a first generation product and I hope that future firmware updates fix some of the issues but for the price I'll keep them even if just for Plex.
Initial setup was ok. Ran into issues with network connection being dropped on wi-fi 2.4Mhz and 5Ghz, which is very pathetic since the new ac router was less than 1 feet away. Kinda of annoying that you have to watch the video before your are able to use the system. Same thing with the firetv remote app. Have access to all prime video. Netflix works with firetv app keyboard unlike Nexus Player remote app keyboard that doesn't work with netflix. I bought it since I primarily use plex which is a total failure but it's not really amazon's fault, maybe. If you have a plex psss, you still have to pay for the plex app for $4.99(plex's fault, maybe amazon's for not allowing plexpass) or wait till amazon store has it for free. The other option is to sideload the plexpass app which requires enabling developers mode, allowing unknown source apk install, adb, and the apk. Once you get it sideloaded, the icon does not show up on screen(amazon's fault) so you have to go to settings-> Applications->Manage All Installed Applications->Plex->Launch Application. It's a pain in the ass to have to do this every time(plex and amazon's fault). The physical remote in ways are better than Nexus Play which is annoying with the fast forward function.Bottom line, if you are fully into the prime video ecosystem, this is the play for you. If you want to use it for Plex and have a plex pass but don't want to pay for another plex app, then look somewhere else. If you want plex, amazon prime video, and google video then your only option is the Roku which is under powered. Just got my firetv stick today and it will go back into the box until plexpass is allowed on amazon store or plex is free one of these days.
- Update Dec. 8th. 2014 -Well one of the two Fire Sticks I purchased decided to stop working a few days ago and I have been working on troubleshooting it since.It was fine and dandy and then suddenly it lost it's video signal. Restarting it, switching power adaptors/cables, using it with and without the HDMI extender, etc... all to no avail. Tried a multitude of different TVs, all say 'NO SIGNAL', and I know all the HDMI ports on the TVs are working because the Rokus and game systems work fine.So until I can get this resolved or figure out what the issue is, the Fire TV Stick has been downgraded to 2 stars. If only one of the two I purchased is working... that's not good.- Update-The Amazon Fire TV Stick is not without it's flaws, as with many devices it has them, but that should not stop you from giving it a try.Setup was dirt simple. Plug it in, follow the on screen instructions, and you're good to go. I had a slight issue with it dropping or losing the connection (downloading at the speed of nothing) during the updating process but that resolved itself quickly by me reestablishing it's connection to my Wi-Fi hub.Once updated, it was ready to rock and roll. Unlike other reviewers, I did not have to input my wireless information after the update. And ever since it has maintained it's connection without me having to tinker with it. This is a huge step above the Roku 2 player that was previously being used as it never seemed to want to stay connected.Amazon Instant Video, Netflix, Hulu Plus, and most other apps all run smoothly and faster than the Roku 2.The remote is tiny (though twice as large as the Fire TV Stick) and super functional. No unnecessary buttons, scroll wheels, or motion controls, just the epitome of simplicity... love it!Now for the reason I docked the review one star... the goal and reason for purchasing the Amazon Fire TV Stick was to eliminate as many unnecessary cables and wires as possible. While the stick did indeed eliminate a few cables, we noticed that the performance (how fast it streams/buffers, accesses content, etc.) seems to slow down when the provided AC adaptor is not used. In addition to that every time you shut the TV off (without the AC adaptor plugged into the Stick), it has to initialize, establish a connection, update, etc.. For the occasional user, using it without the AC adaptor will probably be fine, but for us folks that like to stream practically everything, ALL THE TIME, keeping it powered up is definitely the way to go.I will be timing and testing how it performs with the AC adaptor used and without to see if there really is a performance difference. So I'll update this as soon as I can with the results.So at the end of the day, the Amazon Fire TV Stick has delivered on MANY fronts and was a nice upgrade from our Roku 2.
Pros:+ A cheap an easy way to get Amazon Prime content, Netflix, Hulu Plus, and other internet content onto your TV.+ Very simple to set-up+ Comes with everything you need+ Affordable priced+ Intuitive to use+ Doesn't clutter your table, hangs right off the back of the TV+ Works very fast+ Has excellent sound and video quality+ Voice search through the Fire HDX works really well+ Integration with the Fire HDX is really good.Cons:- Is more than just a stick.  On our TV we had to use the included HDMI extender and the power cord.  Not nearly as neat and clean as they make it look in the product description.  This is true with the Chromecast too, but Chromecast you can power off your TV's USB plug.  This needs 1 amp of power, from its own plug.- Doesn't do anything more than Roku does (except the integration with the Fire)We recommend this stick.  We have it plugged into our bedroom TV along with an older TiVo HD.  It works much better than the TiVo HD at getting internet content from Amazon and Netflix.  In another room we have a Samsung smart TV with a new Tivo attached to it for cable television.  That Smart TV does the internet content just as well as this stick, but without the Kindle Fire HDX integration.  We also have a Roku (on another TV), and that is comparable to the Samsung Smart TV.  Both are as good as the Fire Stick in every area except integration with the Fire HDX.  We also have a Chromecast that sits in the same drawer, unused, since the day we got it.  Chromecast is great for doing MirrorCast with computers and tablets, but that is about it.Fire TV is about equal to a Samsung Smart TV or a Roku, and better than a Chromecast.  Tivo is obviously better at cable programing (which none of the others can do), but isn't as good at Netflix or Amazon Prime.
I bought 2 of these within 15 minutes of them being announced because as a Prime member the $19 promotional price was way too sweet to ignore.Received them yesterday and have had a chance to put one through it's paces. I'm a cordcutter and I own 2 Chromecasts, a Roku 2, an Apple TV, an Xbox 360, and a media center running Linux XBMC as well so I am comfortable reviewing this product.Overall I'm pleased and here's why:Pros:$19 are you kidding me?Dual band WiFi is greatFaster than Chromecast with some appsPhysical remote control is nice to haveOption to play games is niceCons:HDMI extender was broken out of the box, luckily I had an extra one from a Chromecast I wasn't using because the stick itself is too long to fit in the slot for my TV without the extender to swing it out.No HBO Go (HUGE PROBLEM)Gaming is not practical without the $40 gaming remoteThis is a no-brainer for $19 but for $39 I'm not so sure. The Chromecast undercuts it by $4 but realistically you can get a Chromecast for $25 or less pretty regularly if you just watch for sales. If I didn't have a Roku or Apple TV I would buy the Fire Stick because the Prime video support is a must have and it's still not available on Chromecast (WTF Google/Amazon???) but if you have other options for Prime video I think you can pass on the Fire Stick unless you loathe using your phone or PC to cast video and would prefer the physical remote.My wife is a big proponent of the physical remote. She gets frustrated when sometimes the cast icon doesn't show up in Netflix on her phone so she has to relaunch the app. The problem with this remote as well as the Apple TV and Roku remotes is that it is just too small. The first company to add a "remote finder" feature to their smartphone companion app that will play an audible sound from the remote so you can find it will make a TON of money. I wouldn't pay extra for the remote with voice search in it's current state but I would ABSOLUTELY pay up if they added a speaker on it to locate it.In summary I recommend this product if you can pay $19 for it or if you are in need of a solution to stream Prime videos.
I was lucky enough to see this on the initial 2 day Prime sale and get it for $19, and it is clearly a heck of a bargain at that price -- much more powerful that my Roku box.Pros:* Fast* Great WiFi connection* Good choice of apps* Simple design* Great price point* More likely to be kept up-to-date than competitors products* Fling feature to select stuff on phone or tablet and play on TV is FANTASTIC.* Remote control app on phone for voice lookup and other controls is neat.Cons:* Typeface Readability: I'm using a 32" 1080P HDTV. I have no trouble reading movie descriptions and other onscreen info off my Roku box from across the room, even when running in 480P. FireTV stick's typeface at 1080p is unreadable from across the room. Prices for apps are unreadable. Prices for movies are unreadable. Caregory titles are barely readable. I actually spent several minutes determining what button to push for initial setup, because it looked like a circle with two dots inside instead of "(>=)". Really? How hard is it to make the very first instruction large and clear? Find a cleaner typeface and update, guys.* Weirdness: It should be pretty obvious that after an intital setup of an app like Netflix, if I select Netflix, I want to WATCH Netflix. Apparently not to the programmers, who move directly into the app if I select it from "Recent Apps", but if I select it from "Popular Apps" it takes me to the info page again and presents me with an "open" button (and all the rest of the initial info) instead of an install button. This is like selecting an icon on my phone to open an app, and having it take me to Google Play store. If "Popular Apps" is essentially an install category, why is it taking up space 2nd row down on my home screen?* Control weirdness: Using the back button or the left button inside apps like Netflix frequently takes me OUTSIDE of Netflix back to the nav / select app screen. This is annoying. Controls need to be more context sensitive instead of egotistically assuming I'm always trying to get back to Amazon's homepage content.* REMOTE CONTROL APP ON PHONE: For voice lookup and other controls; again "Not Ready for Prime Time". Relevant because it's using features like voice search on device.-- I've got one FireTV Stick: It asks me multiple times during use if I want to connect to my ONE device. Well D'uh! If it detected 3 devices, I'd need it to ask me which one I wanted to control - but I'd still want it to let me set a default.-- Voice search works, but isn't the sort of "intelligent" search we're now used to from Google. It will bring up a misspelled result with no relevant options and no results. If I can say an actors name and it misspells it and produces no results and no options, what use is searching by voice? Yeah, I know there's no actors named "George Cluedy" or "Sharon Stonne" or "Steven Stegall"-- The smartphone standard is that when you swipe right to left, icons follow under your finger right to left. If you swipe right to left in the remote control app, icons move left to right on the screen...or it boots you out of the app as if you'd pressed the "back" button if you're at the beginning of the list. Grrrrrrr.
Fantastic! Especially when installed on a TV with SimpLink or other compatible protocol which allows the TV remote to control it.I already own the $99 version. Here is why I prefer the stick.I personally don't need the voice remote and the speed of the stick is still acceptable. Not quite as fast as my Roku 3, but far more useful than a chromecast. If voice control is a must, I can control it from the dedicated remote app found in my cell phone's market.THIS VERSION HAS HARDWARE/SOFTWARE THAT ALLOWS PLEX TO USE 5.1 AUDIO CONFIRMED. I watched several shows/movies and can positively confirm that Plex plays 5.1 audio tracks on this stick.I just updated my $99 AFTV to the latest version patch, but since it is connected via an HDMI splitter to an XBOX One and then to my receiver, then out to TV, I cannot fault the $99 AFTV for audio issues until I run it directly to the TV and test.I was blown away when my LG smart tv now two years old 55LM6700 was able to control the AFTV stick out of the box. This means I don't need the dedicated remote and can effectively use the original TV remote now to control both my TV and the Amazon Fire TV stick. Why is this important? I have been using an excellent Harmony Remote control to handle all of the input switching. Now with this device (and Sonos speakers) I only need the TV remote to control my entire theatre system and eliminate the Roku if I really want to. Obviously the Roku has it's place in my setup, so this is something for me to continue to consider as the AFTV develops.I will not be testing the $99 AFTV for 5.1 audio from Plex, as my Xbox One now has Plex and this would be redundant (and time consuming, as I would have to switch out several inputs, enable ARC, or other things which I honestly, just don't need to do because the Xbox One does so much, so well.)In short. At $40 this is still a fantastic bargain. Just a tad slower than the $99, voice control is in the app only, and no reason to not buy it. Very, very impressed.
Definitely for the Amazon video ecosystem. A nice gadget which is, in my opinion, not ready for prime time.* Set up: Super easy, user friendly. Cudos for the length of the USB cable and the HDMI extension. (As suggested, I plugged it to its own power supply)* WiFi: I am using it at a distance of about 25 feet from the WiFi router and no walls in between, so I can't judge the WiFi aspect over longer distances or barriers. Still, it was  quite slow in downloading  the software update (have 15 Mbit line).* User Interface: I would expect the Fire TV stick to be user friendly, at least within the Amazon ecosystem. Sadly it is not. As an Amazon Prime customer, I would like to have an easy way to browse and search music. I believe that the search function should be content specific: the few music searches I have made almost always returned TV and movies results or VEVO video clips. What about Prime Music or my own albums?Judging from its functionality,  the device definitely needs external support in the form of a tablet or PC. The android  fire tv stick remote app can spare some heavy remote control clicking but, imho, will not solve the shortcomings of the GUI or the disappointing search function. The voice search recognizes the words but the search result problem remains. I wish they had separate searches within the specific content areas. * Casting a PC/tablet screen with Miracast: Mixed results here. It worked fine with my Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 8.4, running Android 4.4.2 .  No luck with the HP Stream 7 running Windows 8.1: The Stream sees the Fire Tv Stick, but will not connect. I have no idea on which one is not compatible at this time. I will ask HP and Amazon....* Games: No idea, I did not try to install any and probably never will. If the main purpose is using it with Amazon video,  or any  of the pre installed  video apps, is totally worth the $20.Taking two stars off because of the user interface and the search.
UPDATE 2-8-2015This device has become a real pain! it keep telling me there is no wifi but my roku, Chormecast and and built in Netflix work fine with plenty of signal. And when it does work, it tells me halfway through a program/movie that the rest of the  program is unavailable so I have to switch to  my Chromecast, Roku or  the built in Netflix to finish watching.It has gotten to the point where I will have to throw it into the trash, it is past Amazon't reutrn date and is now useless!Obviously, I not longer reccomend this device...........................This really is (WAS) a nice device that I like a lot, however, as good as it is, there are some negatives to consider.....Pluses.The device itself is very nice, easy to set-up though the inital set-up was pretty slow, it came pre-registered which I appreciated a lot.It has some of the features I like such as Netflix, PBS, prime videos etc.The picture quality is amazingPrograms start up with little lag.The remote is incredibly easy to use and well laid out.I also love the photography on the screen saver, that alone is worth watching if you appreciate good photography.NegativesIf you are using WIndows devices, it WILL NOT cast anything to your TV and this, cannot replace Chromecast and I think this is a huge mistake by Amazon because they actually compare it to Chromecast.In the product comparison, it shows it to be miracast compatible, but if you are using Windows 8.1 it is not.Strangely, it  says an ios app will be available soon, but no mention of WIndows.So I may end up going back to my ROKU and Chrokecast becase as neat as this is, there is not much of an advantage without being able to cast from my WIndows 8.1 Laptop to my TV.I think this will make a great stocking stuffer for someone else but at the moment as it currently stands, it is NOT the right device for me.
...The headline was hard for me to say. Up until now- I've considered the AppleTV to be the best streamer available. Roku is 'meh' (I just don't like their interface), and I completely gave up on Chromecast, which I could never get to work consistently. I bought this on a whim when it was on sale for Prime subscribers. I honestly wasn't expecting much more than Chromecast with a remote. I'm very-very impressed. It took about 15 minutes to set up because I had to find a way to plug it in and it had to download updates, but once it was online and I made it through the intro video- I was amazed at the ease of use and performance of this little stick. So far- I've only used it for streaming Prime movies and Netflix, but both load incredibly fast and stream beautifully with Dolby Digital surround. There is almost no buffering time, it doesn't lock up when fast forwarding or rewinding (as AppleTV seems to do frequently). The remote and user interface is intuitive and easy to use. All-in-all- it is an incredible bargain.If you aren't heavily invested in Apple's ecosystem (as-in don't have a ton of movies and TV in iTunes), I very highly recommend this, or it's big brother. Even if you are- this is great as a secondary streamer or for other TVs around your house.My only complaint is actually the power. It is recommended in several places to use the power adapter, so I'm assuming the fast processor and memory in it are a bit too much for the USB plug on the back of many TVs. The power adapter itself is small overall, but was a bit too fat for me to plug into a power strip next to another plug. I would have preferred a more standard power brick with a smaller footprint on the plug side, and a longer cord. I had to add another extension cord to plug it in (I'll come up with something better later). I'd prefer to be able to run it from the TV's USB, but also want a good experience from it. In any case- it's a minor annoyance that isn't worth removing a star.So- if you are new to streaming or looking for an alternative, especially to Chromecast or Roku, but also perhaps AppleTV- definitely consider FireTV (I'm assuming the full-size one has similar performance).
The HUD is apparently designed for 4:3 TVs; to get it to fit on my 40" 1080p I had to zoom in all the way, and it still didn't quite fit. The tutorial you're forced to sit through before you can get to any of the settings has most of the 'to do this, click here' stuff off the left side of the screen. You can go back and watch the video again after... but after sitting through the long, boring and blatantly obvious 'how to' stuff, why would you? Honestly, if you've ever seen any of the apps (Hulu Plus, Amazon Prime, Netflix, Youtube, etc) on a PS3, you'll be very familiar with it. I think it's the same software.It requires an (included) USB power connection, at least on my TV; if you disconnect that, it dies. You can plug it into a USB port on your TV if you have one, rather than having to use the (included) wall power adapter.The Fire TV app on my phone never managed to find the thing, so I couldn't try that. My phone paired with Youtube ok using the QR code, and I logged into Netflix with no trouble. Video quality is the same as my PS3, but the sound is MUCH quieter. Volume of 25 on the PS3 was near silent on the Fire TV, I had to turn it up to 55 to get the same level.It does start up ok, takes a little bit after you switch to the HDMI input but goes right to the home screen pretty quickly. Playing music will play over everything else until you start a movie / video in one of the other apps, then it stops on its own. Minorly annoying habit that when you hit the home button to get back to the home screen, it's up near the top where all the 'recommended' stuff is that I almost never want, and i have to scroll way down to get to my stuff. Would be better to put it either in the middle so there's not as far a slog, or go back to whatever the last thing you were on on the home screen. But as I said, a very minor quibble.I don't have a Kindle Fire, and I don't intend on getting one of the controllers, so those are kind of lost to me. On the whole, it doesn't do anything my PS3 doesn't. It starts faster than the PS3, but once they're started, they're roughly equivalent. I have an older TV, HD but not 'smart', so no connectivity in itself; for something like that, this would be good, but kind of redundant with my other gear.Not BAD, as such, but not really spectacular.
Here is my complaint, parental controls, and that is a deal breaker for me.  I also have a ROKU and several Kindles.  My complaint with Amazon video in general boils down to parental controls.  In my Amazon account settings I can set parental controls by putting viewing restrictions with either G, Family, Teen, or Mature.  So if I set parental controls to Teen, my children are not able to watch R, NC-17, TV-MA or Unrated.  Only issue is these movies are still shown in the available selections with the cover, they just have a lock on them.  If you are familiar with Netflix, if you set parental controls these movies don't even show up.  That is what I am looking for.  This leads to the Fire TV Stick, it basically does what I was looking for, and that is a ROKU like device for another television that will stream Netflix and Amazon video.  The parental controls you set on your main Amazon account will apply to my ROKU and all my Kindle devices, but it WILL NOT apply those same parental control settings to my Fire TV Stick.  So yes you can set parental controls on the Fire TV Stick on the device itself, but the only way to do so is to require a PIN every time a video is selected for viewing.  So this leads to two issues.  Once again all movies of all ratings are shown on screen.  So my children are able to see movie covers I wish they couldn't see.  Next issue, every time they want to watch a video, it requires me to enter the PIN.  So I have to physically go enter the PIN every time they want to watch the next episode of some 20 minute cartoon that I am fine with them watching.  So if you have children and parental controls are a concern for you, skip this device unless the parental control issues are improved/fixed.
For $19 (prime users), this is a steal, a great bargain for a tv without a streaming device!  For anything more than that...it's just ok.  I set this up on the spare tv in the our bedroom and it works, not enough to replace our Roku in the living room though.For starters, the UI is painful.  Added apps are not shown significantly on the home screen.  They are placed at the top, but smaller than the many movies and tv shows and advertised apps Amazon has filled your home-screen with.  It makes sense because Amazon is trying to push their content on you, but it strains the customer experience by adding extra steps when navigating to an app.  To open Netflix or anything else, you have to scroll to the top, wait for the apps to expand on the screen, then you may scroll to select your app.  This process is far too cumbersome, and hopefully something they will fix eventually.Freezing...it has happened once already (in about 10-15 minutes of navigation).  I was sorting through the episodes of a show on Amazon prime and they froze on me as I was clicking.  When the box caught up, it quickly jumped forward 3-4 episodes.Updates...when I first turned on the system, it took about 10 minutes for it to update.  There should be an option to update later when you are not using the system, while allowing the user to continue watching.  Why interrupt the viewing experience.  This is something the Roku handles very well that amazon should take notes on.Apps.  There aren't many apps on this stick.  The ones available are all available on the Roku, out of the hundreds available on the Roku.  They have the largest names in apps, Netflix, Pandora, Prime (Built In of course), PBS, Plex, Disney, and a few others, not a whole lot more more though.  The stick has games though, but not ones that look all too interesting.  I sorted through those available and didn't see the need to download any.  Maybe they will come out with more.  The games are this stick's advantage, hopefully they will utilize it.It has Plex!  It works well, and the UI looks great!  This is a major plus.  I haven't tested the apps yet, this is how I watch the Colbert Report.  It would be nice if we can turn on an episode while waking up in the morning.  I will probably be using Plex more on this device than the other apps.  It also has Netflix, that's a major plus too.I would buy this device if you need another streaming device on a spare television and you don't want to buy a Roku (I don't have an apple tv, so can't compare).  I would also buy the device if you'd like to wait and see how Amazon updates their system (maybe you're curious).  Hopefully they will update the UI and make the system better before coming out with a Version 2 of this stick.
When I got it in, I couldn't wait until I got home so I hooked it up to a TV at work. Updates? Ok, lets skip this for now...I can't? Seriously? OK, well, our IT guys throttle Amazon traffic pretty hard but let's try. Fail. Fail. Fail. Well, how about setting my phone up as a mobile hotspot. That's working. What's this text? Data usage? How big what this update? Let's look at my data usage for today. This thing needs a 800+ meg update just to start? How did this not ship with usable software? OK, all up to date, let's kick this pig. Oh a little video....telling me how to do what I just did that let me watch this video in the first place....ok. Well, tv is needed for work, lets unplug it. Wow! This thing is burning up! I could have wrapped cookie dough around it and had a nice crisp cookie shot glass by now!OK, now I'm home and ready to rock. OK, up and running with a better connection, everything is snappy, plex is working well, that was my main goal. But wait, my wife has just gotten XBMC down, do I want to retrain her for plex? Let's see if...yes, xbmc can be side loaded! OK, got that done....where is it...ohh...I have to go to settings, then applications, then all applications and scroll down? Why is this not on the apps screen like it should be? Even my daughter's kindle treats sideloaded apps just like the ones that came off the Amazon store. Man, it's like the 50s in here with this segregation. OK, surely they will fix that eventually. ***Update: Look in review comments for fix!***How about a game before I head to bed? Oooo, Zen Pinball! Installed fast, started up a little slow but ok, plink, plink, plink, mash the right half of the circle..ball falls between the flippers...right flipper moves...huh, lets try that again. Same thing. OK, I know this is a media stick with games tacked on but man, at least a half a second of lag? Wireless keyboards and mice had a bad rep with gamers for years over milli-seconds.So yeah, it's nice but there are some pretty glaring issues. The sideloaded apps can be fixed with an update, maybe the controller lag (that could have even just been that game) but the over heating worries me. The heat could actually be a software issue, or maybe our office tv has the problem, please don't let it be a hardware issue. I hope so because with a little work this could be a really awesome device.
Amazon Fire stick is a must-have for Amazon Prime members that do not have a Smart TV or existing streaming device for their TV (Apple TV, Roku). It allows you to stream all of the free Amazon Prime content (if you're a subscriber) plus you can connect your Netflix, Hulu Plus and other streaming devices. Although, you'll get the most bang-for-your <$50 buck if you are an Amazon Prime member. Not only can you stream movies, but you can use their Prime Music and Photo storage services. If you didn't know, Amazon Prime members have unlimited photo backup to the Amazon cloud from their phones/tablets/computers with the Amazon Cloud App, so you can backup all of your photos and save room on your local device if you need to perform a 4.0 GB update (cough... iOS).Included in the box with the Stick and remote are a HDMI adaptor and a USB charging cable.The HDMI adapter is nice if you have a wall-mount that doesn't allow you to just stick the Fire TV Stick directly into the HDMI port on the TV or if the HDMI ports are close together and plugging in the stick will prevent you from keeping something else plugged in. The fact that it comes included is a HUGE bonus.The USB charging cable makes this device more reliable. Here's why. If you just have this plugged into the HDMI port on the TV, it is only powered when the TV is on. That means that every time you turn on your TV, you'll have to wait for initialization and any update time required. Keeping this plugged into a power source allows the device to perform the updates and stay connected when the TV is off. It's recommended and does add an extra cable to the setup, but if you can spare that, then it's worth it.SetupSo, Amazon definitely did something right here... Amazon already registers the device they send you with your account. That means, there's no additional setup required to link it to your Amazon account. Very clever and convenient.The features seem nice and this is a great entry or add-on for any TV needing to be upgraded to include streaming content. Of course, it will still not compare to the stand-alone boxes like the Amazon Fire, Roku 3, and Apple TV, but this is designed to compete against other sticks, which it does nicely. It's also less than half the price of those other devices. I would highly recommend this device for people that occasionally stream or want to add streaming capabilities to a secondary television.Personally, I have the Roku 3,  Apple TV and now this Fire TV Stick. My favorite device is still the Roku as it offers the most seamless content. The Apple TV is great if you have a lot of devices in the Apple Eco-system (iPhone, iPad, iMac, MacBook) as it is able to project content from the TV, play your iTunes music and stream your photos and videos stored in the iCloud. The Amazon Fire TV Stick is similar as it integrates all of your Amazon content for your TV. The Fire TV stick is an affordable gateway to the Amazon content you've already paid for.
I've had experience running media devices like the Roku 2 XD, WDTV, Samsung TV Apps, most of the game consoles, and Chromecast (mostly for sending videos from my phone to screen). All of these products have had their pros and cons whether it's limited in function or slow. I did not have a Chromecast in my room but wanted a device I could use to send a YouTube video I'm watching from my phone to the screen for others to see as the TV in my room is unable to do that like our living room Samsung does natively. Instead of buying another Chromecast, I wanted to jump on the Fire TV Stick to try something new.Compared to the Roku 2 XD, movement through the menus is much smoother and faster. The small remote is nice and simple. It doesn't feel cheap. A gripe I had with my Roku was that it never played the next episode in a TV series. The Fire TV Stick does so that was a big convenience plus for me. Fast forwarding and time seek were pretty smooth and fast too with a good internet connection. It does the same thing my Roku does for media streaming from Netflix, etc but the "quality of life"  in interacting with the product feels better.Where I was frustrated the most last night working with the Fire TV Stick was getting a video file or YouTube clip I was playing on my phone to be sent to the Fire TV Stick. It's possible that I may be spoiled from my Samsung Smart TV and Chromecast's functionality regarding this. I use my Galaxy S4 to watch/send YouTube videos to those two devices all the time and it's pretty simple. The TV is the best when I can just send whatever YouTube video I'm watching straight to the screen from my phone by just pressing the transmit button. There's no need to do anything on the TV. It's automatic (it will interrupt whatever you're currently watching which is fine with me). Last night, when I tried to do the same for the Fire TV stick, my phone's YouTube app could not pick up the Fire TV Stick as a device to send the video to while it did pick up the other devices in the house. It was a bummer because it was a feature I really wanted to work seamlessly when I purchased this. I didn't give up however and looked for a YouTube app on the Fire TV Stick. I found it, installed it (think it should have been pre-installed IMO), and had to pair my phone to the Fire TV Stick's YouTube app. I was now able to watch YouTube videos on my Fire TV Stick from what I was selecting from my phone. The Fire TV Stick's app accesses the video from it's YouTube app and plays the quality well, however, I was experiencing some stuttering every now and then on a 4-5 minute music video I was watching for YouTube sent from the phone. I have a good internet connection, so it might be from the Fire TV Stick. The only other negative was I could not start sending YouTube videos from my phone to the Fire TV Stick unless I opened the YouTube app. That meant extra steps.The other frustrating thing I had with the Fire TV Stick was just sending a tv show video file I had on my phone to it. The video player app on my phone has the transmit button and when I pressed it, the Fire TV Stick wasn't listed (while other devices showed up) just like what happened when I tried it for the YouTube app from my phone. This was disappointing as I could send these things easily without any configuration to my smart TV. I figured it's just app compatibility since YouTube was needed on both devices to sync whats playing. I then looked into the screen mirroring function to see if I can get it done. After looking through the settings I was able to find in the Display Settings and option to enable screen mirroring. I enabled it and it gave a notice that I could connect a device for screen mirroring. I went through my phones screen mirroring and connected to the Fire TV Stick. It worked. I was able to watch my video on the Fire TV Stick, however, I can't tell if it was from my phone or the Fire TV Stick (need to do more tests) but the video would stutter/freeze every now and then during the video which was an hour. My biggest gripe with this was having to go through Settings > Display > Enable screen mirroring. I wish it was a more seamless process.I will still need more time with this device as I only had a good 3-4 hours with it. With all the media player devices out there I was hoping to find a really good do-it-all (which doesn't seem to be possible and I've accepted that). This Fire TV Stick performs well and does pretty much nothing new from what's out there. So does it do everything better? Not really, but it has speed over my old Roku, a remote, and access to Amazon Instant Video (Chromecast). The transmitting from my phone to the Fire TV Stick was a letdown. The functionality is there but the execution left a lot to be desired from me especially when my Samsung Smart TV and the Chromecast does it effortlessly and seamlessly. What I liked with those two devices is the sense of Standby. We're so bombarded with things and stuff moves fast so it's nice to have those little things just work so you don't have to add a step. I know it's a little step, but when you don't have to think about it, it is nice. That's something I felt was missing from the Fire TV Stick regarding the interaction with my phone. The sense of doing things more seamlessly.Would I recommend this to someone? If you got it at $20, it's a steal. At $40, I would only recommend it over Chromecast to a person if they had to watch their Amazon Instant Video. If they improved the casting functionality and maybe tweaked things for performance on some playback issues I saw, I would no doubt recommend it as the best all around device available right now. As of launch, I do not believe it is which is why I cannot give it a full 5 stars.Update: So I had time to mess with it after initially trying it the other night. The YouTube does start automatically when I connect to it now. Which is good and what I wanted. However, when I stop/disconnect the connection from my phone, it doesn't resume what I was doing earlier or just stop it in general. So halfway there.
Pros:* FAST menus - faster than my Tivo Series 3, Roku 2, Wii, Wii U, XBox 360.* FAST remote - very responsive - no lag* FAST to playback - videos start quickly (faster than Tivo, roku 2, XBox 360 and PS3)* Apps load quickly* Very good quality movie playback - images are sharp and motion and pans are smooth* Spotify integration works well* Netflix app works well* Amazon prime movies works well* New Amazon Photos also loads quickly and is very sharpCons:* Frustrating installation process  - had to enter my wifi password 3 times (FireStick kept forgetting)  - long introductory cartoon that can't be skipped  - Software updates took over 15 minutes - and restarted the Stick multiple times  (my house measures almost 100Mbps down with speedtest.net)* Odd Graphics glitches on certain games - there is noticeable flicker on solid color backgrounds  (I do NOT see the same flicker with any other device...PS3, XBox 360, Tivo, GameCube, Wii or Wii U)  The flicker is only noticeables in games, not movies* Parental controls seem to only protect all playback - can't seem to limit by MPAA ratings* If controls enabled, you must re-enter the code with EVERY menu in Settings again and again and again* Photo access is either all or nothing - so it shows a dump of all photos from my iphone backups  (future enhancement to control which photos would be nice)* Could not get Fire Stick to pair with my Harmony Logitech Ultimate* FireStick seemed to slow down after being plugged in 48 hours.  Unplugged/replugged it, and it was fast againUpdate (after 3 weeks of usage):* FireStick now runs reliably 24/7 without "rebooting", however I found the source of the laggy performance - FireStick cannot hold a reliable connection over long periods of time using a 5Ghz wifi connection to my Cisco/Comcast wifi router.  This is Comcast's latest 100+Mbps router which supports 2.4Ghz and 5Ghz wifi simultaneously.  The FireStick is bulletproof with 2.4Ghz, but unreliable for 5Ghz.  None of my other wifi devices (which support 5Ghz) have trouble holding the 5Ghz signal.  The solution was to delete the 5Ghz entry in FireStick to prevent it from trying to connect and rely exclusively on the slower 2.4Ghz connection.Update (after month+ of usage):I own two fireSticks. One has a frustrating wifi network problem (randomly losing wifi which requires a "reboot" to get it working again). The other is problem-free at 2.4Ghz. Both connecting to the same dual-band WiFi router. Both about the same distance from the router. No other wifi devices in my household have this issue (iPhones, iPads, Kindles, mac/pc laptops, Tivo, Roku, Game consoles) - I like the Fire Stick enough to request a replacement rather than a refund.  I'm leaving my FireStick rating at 4-stars...because when its working, its a great device.
I've been using a Chromecast and I have a smart Sony TV with support for Amazon, Netflix, YouTube, etc.  The Chromecast has been frustrating, where it stops being detected by my tablet, iPad, or Android phone, and can't be contacted without a power cycle.  And despite everything I've read, and the latest version of Chrome for Android, I've been unable to ever cast a web video. So I hopped on the early deal for the Fire TV Stick (FTVS), hoping for a better experience (I am also in the queue for a Matchstick via Kickstarter, so I'll keep you posted).Initially I ignored the packaging, and tried to power the FTVS using the the USB output of my cable box, which has no trouble powering the Chromecast.  This caused the FTVS to continuously reboot.  I unplugged that, and switched to the supplied micro-brick power supply.  This worked, but strangely, the FTVS then gave me a warning about the power, and my only option was to say I wanted to continue *not* using the included supply.  The power supply detection apparently got a little stuck from all those failed starts.The FTVS was a bit more straightforward to initially set up than the Chromecast.  It found my WPA-protected network immediately, and entering the key was straightforward using the included remote.  The clicking sound from the remote's buttons was driving my spouse a little nuts, but it was very crisp in operation, no repeats/ key bounce.After it connected to my network, it started to download the software updates.  I'm not sure what the problem was, but this took over 25 minutes on my 30 Mbps FiOS connection (overloaded servers at AMZN?).  After the install and restart, the FTVS strangely asked me for my wifi credentials again, but before I was halfway finished entering the key, it started up with the intro cartoon/video.I browsed the menus a bit, then watched some Amazon Prime content.  Selection using the remote was very snappy.  Loading was much faster than my smart TV, and seemed faster than the Chromecast.  Playback was flawless, no buffering or detectable drop-outs.I then went to use my Android tablet with the Fire TV remote app.  Full disclosure: my tablet is a first-gen Kindle Fire that I rooted and installed Cyanogenmod on.  Unlike the Chromecast app, the FTV app had no difficulty detecting the FTVS.  Usablility of the app is a different story.  It basically converts the tablet into a big touchpad, and in my case, an incredibly twitchy one.  A normal swipe would fling the Kindle-like 'carousel' dozens of selections.  I found I had to just barely flick in the desired direction to move a single selection.  The tablet-hosted keyboard was faster than using the pick-n-click method of the remote, but I found (when trying to enter my credentials for Netflix) that the delete/backspace was not always picked up.  Until I got the hang of the touchpad, I found I had to revert to the remote to move the selection to the correct on-screen buttons (prev/next/continue, etc.).My spouse hates the idea of yet another remote, but I think the app is just a little too frustrating at this time.  I'd rather see the the TV interface reproduced on the tablet for easier navigation.I also have a Kindle Fire HD, and will try the app on that next, to see if the response is better, but for now, I keep the (tiny) remote handy.  I understand that the stick itself is black to blend in with most TVs, but I hope that someone will offer a skin/cover for the remote in something easier to see, like highway orange instead of matte black.Performance with Netflix was just as good as Prime, and again seemed snappier than the Chromecast.  I installed the YouTube app this morning, it worked, but I haven't tried it with some HD content yet.I'll try to update this as I get more hours in.UPDATE 22-Nov-2014:  Just discovered that the Fire TV Stick responds to my Sony TV's remote.  This was an unexpected but welcome capability.
I received the Fire Stick several days earlier than anticipated. I was excited as I took it out of the box and set it up. Though the HDMI extension seems a bit too short to be of use, I actually found that it was exactly what I needed to connect properly to my bedroom tv. From the moment I turned it on, it has worked flawlessly. I downloaded an initial update that took a couple of minutes and was ready to roll. It even had my amazon information pulled up right away. No need to sign in. I decided to look up the reviews and see what everyone else was saying and was quite surprised to find several folks referring to it as "clunky" and mentioning several apps not working. So... I decided to check into several features I have not yet used. For three days I have used only Netflix and Amazon Prime, which have given me zero issues. Could the same be said, though, for apps like PBS, Pandora, ESPN, and Youtube? We shall see.For the next five minutes (which was all I needed), I downloaded, updated, and signed in to PBS, WatchESPN, Pandora, and Youtube. Each and every one of then worked exactly as I had hoped.ESPN pulled up instantly. I was watching a clip on the Bills and Jets upcoming game move to Detroit within seconds of starting the app.Pandora required a sign in and loaded my stations instantly. No delay in loading for the first time; I didn't have to watch that cute little loading circle while my stations filled in. Quick and easy.PBS was the most involved. It did ask me to verify an account on my laptop, which I happened to have open for a stupid long review I was writing, and I was watching clips within moments. Again, flawless.And finally I tried Youtube (expecting no issues at this point). I was severely disappointed. After watching youtube launch without issue or delay, I was dismayed to find that a Pitch Perfect 2 preview was in the first slot of the "popular on youtube" section with nearly 6 million views. Very upsetting. But yeah, the YouTube app on the fire stick was also without flaw.So, all that said, I am extremely satisfied with the Fire TV Stick and am quite happy that I bought two. Prior to the Fire Stick, I was using a Wi-Fi enabled Blu-Ray player in our bedroom to access video streaming sites. I was so amazed with how much faster my fire stick was, that I chose not to mention it to my wife (who notices nothing related to increased internet speeds). The difference was so stark that she, within moments of starting netflix, accused me of increasing our monthly internet bill by upgrading our FIOS package. Well done Amazon, well done.- I do have to mention one little complaint though. As others have mentioned, the power adapter and cable are poorly designed. The adapter itself is very sleek looking, but it is just too bulky. Imagine the little iPhone cube shaped power adapter. Now imagine all sides expanding just far enough to cover the edges of all neaby outlets. Paint it black. You now have the Fire TV Stick power adapter. And as for the cable... It reaches perfectly from my wall mounted tv to the spot 10 inches above the wall outlet immediately below. Enough said.
First I'll start off by saying that this product really wasn't made for someone like me. I'm a tech enthusiast, I have an HTPC computer (Windows MCE) and also own a Chromecast.Unboxing the unit it looks like it was well put together. I quickly ran downstairs and threw it into my 55" TV's HDMI port. I neglected to follow the guide and didn't use their included power supply, but instead used my TVs USB port. This does not let the device update itself as its only on when the TV is on. I'm ok with that.Going through the setup guide was quick, easy and painless. That is until I completed and it started to play a multi-minute long dorky cartoon guiding me how to use the intuitive device. The only option it lets you do is go back to Wifi setup, making you start the video over again. Lovely.I got over the annoyance and got to using my Firestick. The remote is awesome and the interface is great, fast, and looks awesome. When you go into a show, it sets the background to a related image. Nice.Now where I started to get upset. It has more than enough power for HD video, but with Prime video you only get SD and have to pay for HD content, where on my HTPC I get HD if my connection can handle it. Not cool. I dont want to pay for what should be the base level of quality. Video was noticeably interlaced SD quality.Next on to Netflix to compare it to Chrome Cast directly. It was a breeze to add the app and log in. I next streamed Star Trek TNG (good go-to that has an awesome remastered HD version) to see quality comparisons. Looks as good at the chromecast, Windows 8 "Metro" Netflix app, etc - all SD quality, interlaced. If thats fine with you, get this.Five total things in my opinion would make this killer, even if it only did one of the five;1. Have a basic web browser so I could travel with this - hotels have web auth. pages that block things like chromecast in their tracks. This doesnt have limitations of needing to be slaved to a phone to stream, so this alone would let be my travel buddy2. Come with the Mic remote by default at this price. Typing is so yesterday.3. Come with a gaming controller, just one would be great. It'd be fun to be able to game on this, and I'd buy games from the Amazon Store for it in a flash.4. Steam Stream support. This needs to happen. It'd be awesome.5. HD Video for at least some content free if you paid for prime.Pros:-Easy to use. Lots of power. Can stream gaming-Easier to install than a chrome cast-Independent - can play video on its own-Has a remote-More power than a Chrome Cast-Tons of appsCons:-Annoying into 'ad' that you cant skip when you first install it-Video is only in SD, Pay for HD video.-Typing is annoying-Games selection was boring without digging
Are you a Prime Member? Then you need to purchase, and use this!What I like:The ease of use is unlike any other smart tv set-up that I have tried. I first started just using the remote, which was easy enough because it is similar to other systems, but once I started using the app on my phone I fell in love. The app makes it so much easier to scroll through, and find things you want. It also adds the functionality of voice control, which is good if you know what you are looking for.The speed that videos play is very fast. When I use my Chromecast to stream the Hulu Plus app it takes a while to buffer, but not on this thing. Shows come on almost instantaneously.The layout of the home screen is also very intuitive, allowing you to easily scroll through tv shows, movies, games, and apps.The design is also very minimal, and plain, which for a tv dongle is a good thing. No one will notice it being back there, and it won't distract.Things that need work:There isn't much here, but I think the most important thing would be to allow more seamless movement between shows available on amazon and on Apps such as Netflix and Hulu. For example, last night I wanted to watch an episode of "Marry Me", and when I searched for it once, it said it was available in Hulu so I had to download the app and then search again, but the second time it didn't show up? I had to go into Hulu to find it. If Amazon could show me every option on one screen, so I can choose, and the show starts, that would make this a 5 star.Gaming, I thought I read that there are games where you could use your phone like a wii remote, but I didn't see that. I opened a game and it just was a blown up pixelated version of the regular app on my phone. I will try out more games design for the Fire TV soon.What I wish a TV dongle would do:Live TV, I am amazed that no company has figured this one out, and I know it is because of greedy cable providers, but I wish live streaming TV was an option. Even if I had to pay $5 or $10 a more for ESPN, that would be great. My internet provider doesn't let us use Watch ESPN, unless you pay for cable so that is no fun. Work on that Amazon ;). Streaming a live news source, and/or local broadcast channels, would be cool too.Update: 12/2/2014One more gripe is with the App on the phone, it lags slightly, and when you close the app it some times does not like to reconnect quickly.
This is my first PLUGGED in hdmi kind of device. I do have a Apple TV before. But I never owned a Roku or Chrome cast so my review won't be comparing then vs Fire TV Stick.Fire TV Stick is packaged nicely, comes included with Hdmi extender, usb charger, remote, batteries for remote.Setup is easy. I am sure nobody should have issues there.Interface is very clean. Basically if you have a Prime then you are good to go. All music and movies that I have created playlists in Amazon came as it is.Games : I downloaded some games and they seemed decent. Obviously there is not a huge selection. But I heard only Fire TV Stick has any selection as other consoles doesn't even support games. To be frank I don't think I will be playing games on this anyway.Apps: all major apps like YouTube,vevo, pbs kids, Disney etc are there. It is nice to have more memory so you can install many apps. As I am from India we love watching TV from my country and there is YUPP TV app on it.Movies : Prome moviesMusic : Prime music and any purchased content from Amazon. I liked the way it shows lyrics and full page background. Makes my tv look classy.PROS :Great Device. Solid Built. More memory than others. FastCONS:I hate there is an extra cable that needs to charge the Hdmi dongle. I don't know if this is the case with all of the devices like this. It's a pain to charge it to the wall socket as my tv is on the wall and I hate cables dangling.There is lag when watching videos on pretty much every appBesides few cons which may not be the issue for a lot of people. I LOVE The ease of watching and having SOOOO much content at finger tips. Overall agreat device and for the price you don't have to think twice. Great gift for Christmas if you luckily ordered 2.
Since the Fire TV stick was announced, I've heard a lot of people wonder if it was something worth picking up, essentially asking "what does this thing do that my TV doesn't do already?"  The answer is going to be different for different people, but here's an easy way to think about it; Amazon Fire TV Stick is an excellent purchase if:-Your TV is not a "smart" TV.  Meaning your TV or dvd player did not come pre-loaded with apps such as Netflix, Youtube, Pandora etc...-Your TV is a "smart" TV, but apps do not perform well.  Some smart TVs have painful performance when streaming video, apps can be difficult to update, wifi connection can be spotty etc...-You want to access Youtube, Netflix, Amazon Prime, Pandora, and other such apps on your TV-You are an Amazon Prime Member and want to access your Prime Video, Prime Music, and Prime Photo accounts-You want to participate in casual gaming on your television.-You want to listen to music on your TV-You want to have portability.  In other words, Television access to the above services while you are travelling. (Amazon says the capability to use in hotels/dorms etc... with shared wifi that requires frequent password entry is coming soon)So, the bottom line is that the Fire TV Stick allows you to access your movies, music and photos as well as games and more  via your television.  If your TV already does these things well, or you're already doing them via other devices such as a game console, then this may not be worth your while.So, how easy is it to use?  I'm telling you, you do not have to have an ounce of technological know how to have this thing up and running in a matter of minutes. There is a set of 5 very simple instructions for set-up that had me watching House of Cards less than 10 minutes after I unboxed it.  It comes with a remote that includes just 7 buttons  (your phone can also become a remote by adding an app, though this is not quite ready on the iPhone yet) and upon completion of connecting the stick, you are taken to a simple tutorial video that explains very well the use of the remote.  There is also an optional voice control remote that can be separately purchased.  It is in no way required to operate the Fire Stick.  Sidenote:  If you buy the Stick online, it comes preset to the account from which it is ordered.  If this is not the account you plan to use (I needed to use my wife's because she has the prime account) it's very easy de-register and change accounts; took me less than a minute.I have accessed Prime Video and the picture and speed is fantastic.  I've accessed Prime Music and the sound quality and speed are excellent and include nice background photos of artists and albums.  Apps are easy to browse and download as are games.  I was also able to "fling" to Netflix etc... from my Kindle Fire quite easily.I've been using a Chromecast since they came out, and I think the Fire TV Stick competes very well.  I like the remote (which the Chromecast doesn't have), and I love the memory and speed.  And if you are an Amazon Prime Member, this is hands down your best option. This would make a great gift, and is easy enough to use that you could give it with confidence to someone who has no technological savvy at all.If you're looking to get the most out of your HDTV, The Fire Stick is a fantastic way to go about it.  I highly recommend it, and based on how smoothly everything went on what was probably a very busy day for Amazon servers, I'm confident that you'll have the same or an even better experience.  Enjoy!
This review will be primarily about the Fire TV Stick and PLEX.We use media players in our house extensively. Within the past year we’ve migrated our libraries out of various DLNA compliant servers and services and placed our faith in Plex. I was worried that with the limited power of the Stick vs some of the larger players in the market that Plex wouldn’t be available or would be severely crippled; boy was I wrong!Let’s start by answering a question that I had myself: A PlexPass is not required to use Plex on the Fire TV Stick.We have several TV’s in the home that require a media player to play any shared content. We have primarily used WD TV’s and Google Chromecast devices. Neither of which really supported Plex in all its glory. The WD TV’s used the DLNA compliant side of Plex to play the files, but was missing all the pizazz that Plex brings to the home theatre experience. Chromecast does support casting of shows from within the Plex app for various tablets and other devices, but again, the home theatre experience was lacking. The app designed for use on the FireTV and FireTV Stick puts your entire media library at your fingertips with cover art, intro music, and full show information.The best part of the Stick is that it’s tiny and doesn’t require much to function.. it’s the perfect way to take your media library with you and experience the full home theatre experience from your hotel room or your in-laws.I like that the Fire TV Stick has applications on it that run independently of your other devices. It’s competition requires that you be able to connect to content via a separate device and then cast that onto the TV. That functionality is around on the Fire TV Stick as well, they call it Flinging. They haven’t yet mentioned if there will be the ability to fling a webpage to the TV, but I hope that functionality exists as some web video content is not available through traditional video means (YouTube, Vimeo, etc.)I'm interested to see if Amazon plans to integrate the FireTV and Stick with their new product Echo. That could lead to some very intuitive recommendations for shows that didn't generate from shows being watched via the FireTV or Stick.
Received the Fire TV stick today, a few days early, thank you Amazon.This is a pretty good streaming stick, with a smooth user experience and a great selection of movies and music. I'll keep my review short and try my best to touch on the pros and areas that (in my opinion) need improvement.Setup:Setup was pretty easy, you just plugged it into a HDMI port, connect to your wireless router, download the phone app (not required), and you are on your way. I did get an update prior to being able to launch the app, which took about 15 minutes for the download, install, and a couple of reboots. No opinion on areas for improvement here, just a normal setup like any other streaming device.User Experience:The app is very smooth, you can tell Amazon wanted to make sure things were working well before launching. App categorization is also well done, you can easily choose between things like Prime Movies, games for your particular controls, and music. So far I would rather use the provided remote to toggle through the app compared to the phone app. The app responds to every click on the remote, but the phone app only registers about half the phone clicks/taps.The phone app works very similar to a laptop track/mouse pad, you use the track pad on the phone and it then registers on the app. The voice search on the phone app works perfectly at this point, I tested it dozens of times and each time it understood my request.An area for improvement on the user experience would be to allow a user to see the content on the phone that you want to play or select. This way if you are playing a movie, video, and or music, you don't have to be directly in front of the tv to see what you are browsing, you can just select it from your phone and have it play on the tv. Along with the first point, it would be nice to have a notification on your phones drop down bar for when you leave the app, which would allow you to easily pause the movie, as of now you have to launch the app again just to pause or continue the movie. Also, there should be some game categories for paid and free apps, instead of having to click on every game to determine if its a paid or free game.Conclusion:This is a very cool streaming stick with nicely built hardware and a smooth interface. I would recommend for any Amazon prime member, which could take advantage of the prime movies and prime music.I don't have any cons for this streaming stick as of now, I consider a con as something wrong with the hardware or software, like if they didn't include your purchased music/movies or if the app continually rebooted. Of course there are areas I would personally like to see improved, but all in all, i enjoy it very much.
UPDATE 11/27:The day after I shipped off my Amazon Fire TV Stick for a refund, I received a phone call from Amazon. They had read my original post and asked if I minded following up with them, which I was happy to do. They asked for my brand of television and the model number and explained to me that they were trying to figure out why I (and several other customers) were reporting that their televisions were not recognizing the HDMI input of the device. After relaying all of my information, the representative said that he would follow up with me once Amazon figured out the issue.Although that phone call 1) came too late for me (as I had already shipped back the device) and 2) did not give me a replacement device, I wanted to provide an updated assessment of my overall experience and felt that Amazon's follow-up was worthy of adding another star to my original review. Amazon DOES read user reviews and your input DOES matter, and that is why I will continue to do business with Amazon despite this one episode of dissatisfaction.OP:I ordered the Amazon Fire TV Stick the day I received an email stating that it was available for preorder for the excitingly low price of $19 for Prime members. After waiting for about three weeks, I was thrilled when I received my Fire TV Stick six days before the original estimated shipping date. I opened the package and inside the sleek black-and-orange box sat the stick itself with the minimalist remote right next to it. But then I noticed there appeared to be even more contents inside the box! So, lifting up the orange packaging that housed the stick and remote, I revealed the simple instruction booklet, and underneath that...more peripherals?Yes, indeed. Included with your Fire TV Stick is one (somewhat useless) HDMI extension that increases the connection distance between the television and the stick to almost three whole inches; one smooth-edged yet bulky power adaptor that takes up two outlet spaces because of its awkward size; and one USB-to-microUSB cord that is almost long enough to stretch from the Fire Stick attached to the back of the television all the way down to the outlet near the floor.Wait, what's that? The stick needs to be powered? Yes, it does. I admit this may or may not be a common and necessary feature of "stick" devices, it did take me by surprise that all of the promotional photos apparently leave out the USB cord that sticks out of the side of the stick, which makes the stick even more awkward to plug into the tight spaces found on the back of the television.I wish I could say that these were just cosmetic and design blemishes and that the functionality of the device was fantastic, but alas, I cannot, for after finally getting the extension plugged in to the HDMI port on the television, the Fire Stick plugged in to the extension, the USB cord plugged in to the Fire Stick and the other end of the USB cord plugged in to the power adaptor, when I turned the television on and switched to the proper HDMI input, all I was greeted with was a blue screen that screamed "Not Support!"As I pondered what I could have not plugged in correctly, suddenly the television sputtered to life in a great roar of static and green flickering lines, the faded logo of Fire TV fuzzily rendered behind. Then as quick as it came, the signal left again, only to leave me awash in the blue glow of a missing input screen. After trying all three HDMI inputs, attempting to use the stick with and without the extension, with and without the power adaptor, I finally gave up in defeat.I decided to ask for a replacement, saddened that my initial device was apparently defective but hopeful that Amazon would be able to soon lift my spirits once again. When I attempted to get a replacement, however, I was told first that Amazon couldn't replace the device because it was out of stock, so they would refund my money now and I could order a new one (at the now full price of $39!) and wait for it to arrive. After explaining that I preferred a replacement so I did not have to pay the difference in price, the customer service representative informed me that they COULD replace the device after all, but I would have to return it now and a new one would be shipped to me on or after January 15.Considering today is November 20, waiting nearly two more months for a device that has already been replaced once because it was defective out-of-the-box did not seem acceptable to me, so I reluctantly agreed to just take the refund. I am satisfied, of course, that receiving a refund is such an easy process, but overall I am greatly disappointed. I so wanted to love the Fire TV Stick and I could have even overlooked its somewhat odd design features. But to fail so spectacularly, so immediately, then to have Amazon so brazenly expect me to wait 1/6 of a year to replace THEIR own junk...that leaves me with no other choice than to write this review. Amazon Fire TV Stick...1 star.
Well I finally got the Fire Stick to update and work. That part only took hours of my time and multiple resets. I got a chance to check out the other features of the Fire Stick. First of all the interface is horrible. It is designed in a way to mix in the paid content with the free Amazon Prime content. If you want to use Netflix or any other app, they are at the bottom of the menu under an "Apps" tab. I understand Amazon wants to promote their own content but their interface feels very restrictive. Some people complain about how "difficult" it was to put the batteries in the remote. The battery door was tighter than most remotes but how often is the average person changing batteries to where this is a reason why you don't like the Fire Stick? The remote is fine. Now the screen mirroring feature is just about useless unless you have an Amazon Fire device like a phone or tablet. I tried multiple times from my Samsung Galaxy S5 to mirror the screen and it wasn't having it. That was one of the main reasons I bought the thing. The last straw for me was when streaming Netflix, it had to reload the movie every couple minutes. Before anybody goes blaming my internet connection, I tested my speed on my WiFi and it was fine. I then used the Netflix App on my PS3 and the rest of the movie never had to stop again. Clearly there are some bugs that need to be worked out with this product. Not to mention how they baited the Prime members into buying this product, promising them a great deal, only to be delayed on shipping for many people. That in itself isn't that bad but then you find out that you can go to Best Buy and buy the Fire Stick right now for $25. Amazon is a company I love, and I will continue to use them, but this has been a major blunder from the word go. I am going to go with Chromecast while Amazon figures out all their problems with this.
We started as an Apple TV household, back when they were big and clunky and the remote controls ($19 each) never seemed to last us a couple of weeks. We moved on to Roku and upgraded a couple of times. As far as I can tell every Roku we have purchased and either handed over to friends or sold is still out there and working fine. Our current Roku units are one 2 LT and one 2 XS, both great.I experimented with the Chromecast, which is a neat concept, but it is at the mercy of too many variables. It doesn't have a remote control, it doesn't have a native app to stream mp4 video, so if I want to watch a video I have to drag it to a tab, cast the tab and max the screen. Not ideal. I also had consistent trouble having Netflix recognize that the Chromecast was up and running, I complained on the forums and waited months of reply after reply with more people complaining only to be told to upgrade to the newest firmware.I was getting ready to pick up a couple of Fire TVs when Amazon, out of nowhere, showed up and released the Fire stick, and at $19 each I decided to gamble on it. Worst case scenario? I wouldn't like them and I could just use the 30-day money back warranty.I guess that my pre-order was early enough that I made it through the launch shipping, I received our two units yesterday.Installation was painless but a bit slow because of firmware updates. I also noticed that after reboots during updates the devices are a bit slow picking up their wireless, so for a few seconds it looks as if you have to re-authenticate.The first unit went into a 50" HDTV, it worked perfectly and with no drama. The second unit went into a 23" Samsung that refused to pull the signal through either of the HDMI ports, this is a TV that works fine with a Roku and an Xbox 360 through HDMI. I moved the second unit to a different 23" Samsung and it worked immediately. Again, setup was painless but took a while to go through the firmware updates.The devices shipped pre-activated for my account, so I was spared that step. Activating Netflix is still done through a login screen, which is idiotic (and not Amazon's fault, it is the same way it is done on the Roku, Kindle Fire HDX and iPad 2). Activating Hulu+ and Showtime Anywhere was dead simple since both used a screen code.The UI is simple, anyone that has ever used an Apple TV or a Roku should feel right at home. Some rocket scientist decided to add common email address domains to the on screen keyboard, the party responsible for this should get a raise.The Netflix, Showtime Anywhere and Amazon Prime apps work flawlessly. The Showtime Anywhere streams were almost indistinguishable from the cable box. The Hulu+ app UI is laggy but video playback is smooth.Problems? None.Value? If you are a Prime subscriber, the Fire TV stick is the new standard even at $39. If you are a Prime subscriber and you already have a Roku 2XS or better, then you won't see that much of an improvement. If your Roku ranks lower than the 2XS then the difference should be dramatic.If are worried about the Prime up-sell, it is no different than Roku shoving rentals in your face every time you load the home screen. I am seeing other reviewers complaining about ads, but I am yet to see a single ad while watching Prime content.And no, it isn't for everyone. If you have a digital sound system, you want either the full-size Fire TV or any other streaming player that has digital audio out. And if you expect to hit the games section hard you might as well go for the full-size product. If all you want is to be able to run one or more streaming accounts from one TV, $39 is really hard to turn down.
Let me start by stating that this rating is only due to one issue with the device that has made it un-usable for me in its current state. Based on what I have seen, I would likely give this a 5 star if it were fixed.I was excited to receive this in the mail and have been waiting for a while. When it finally arrived I rushed to set it up. Two things really annoyed me, although one can be overlooked. The first is that the getting started video cannot be skipped. I tried every button on the device, and the only option was to go back and then continue the video.The second, and most annoying (to the point where I will not use this until it is fixed) is that enabling parental controls for Apps makes it so that you CANNOT use apps without disabling parental controls. I own many Android devices (4 of them are TV sticks such as the mk808 and mk808b). On each of these I have parental control apps setup that use a PIN. The difference is that on the others (3 different apps), you can enter the PIN to bypass the restriction temporarily, on the Firestick, you cannot. I do not wish to have to disable Parental Controls so that I can watch netflix. I should be able to just enter in the PIN to get it to open. You obviously know that this product would not sell nearly as well if you had included only Amazon Prime Video, so you included netflix. That was a VERY wise decision, as in my opinion (and that of many of my friends), Prime Video kinda sucks for now. I purchased this only because I saw that it had Netflix. Now I cannot even use it for that as I would have to constantly disable the security to do so.This needs to be addressed immediately. Make it so that the PIN can be entered to access a function such as Netflix, or installing an app, or running that app. Set it so that the PIN gives you a 1 time bypass, or even as most other apps do give you a 1-5 minute window in which you do not need to re-enter the PIN again to perform a restricted function. If you leave it as it is, you will lose a lot of users on this product.I have sent the above text in a product support email to Amazon, so hopefully this will be addressed in some manner soon.
The Fire TV stick is a great way to make your TV "smart" and add a wide array of entertainment options.  Setup is quick and easy, and there are plenty of streaming and gaming options.PROs+ A remote! This is the one thing I did not like about the Chromecast: it's just takes to long too unlock your phone, go back to the app, and wait for it to sync up... just to pause a video.+ The small stick is easy to install. All you need is an open HDMI port on your TV and a WiFi network.+ Plenty of streaming video options: Netflix, Hulu Plus, Crackle (free movies!), YouTube, WatchESPN, and many more.+ Streaming music is included, too: Pandora, iHeartRadio, Spotify, and Amazon Music+ Games!  Sonic, Game of Life, Flappy Birds, and over 200 more!+ Supports both 2.4Ghz and 5Ghz WiFi networks.+ Snappy processor and ample memory storage make the user interface fluid and responsive.CONs- Some of the more intensive games, such as Minecraft, are not available on the Fire TV Stick (but are available on the Fire TV Box)- A lot of the 8GB storage space is not available due to system files (only a little over 5GB is free to use)- Entering your login credentials on the remote is cumbersome.- I had some issues setting it up at first (update wouldn't download, account won't authenticate, etc), but I will blame that on overloaded servers. The issues eventually resolved a few hours later.- The iOS app was not available yet, so I didn't get to test that functionality.If you're an Amazon Prime subscriber, or have purchased content from Amazon's Instant Video or Music services, or just want an easy way to watch Netflix, the Fire TV Stick is a great, low-cost option to enjoy streaming content and cut the cord!TIP: Want to cut the cord but have a few favorite shows that are cable-only?  I'm a fan of The Walking Dead, so I purchase a season pass for less than eight bucks a month (less than two dollars an episode) on Amazon Instant Video and I can watch it the next day on this streaming stick, my iPad or my Kindle Fire.  Commercial free! And it's stored in Amazon's cloud, so I can re-watch it whenever I want.  It is like unlimited DVR!
I own a lot of streaming media devices; Roku 3, Apple TV, Chromecast, Blu-ray player with Wifi and apps, and a Sharp LC-60EQ10U  60-inch Aquos Q 1080p 240Hz  Smart LED TV, but the Fire TV Stick really stands out as a freakishly great streaming device with its speedy ASAP launching of streaming content in HD, mirroring capabilities, game selection and a rock bottom price.The fact that it allows users to enjoy 7.1 surround sound is a huge perk too! Especially when using this device on a TV hooked up to a 7.1 AV receiver with compatible speakers. Enjoying music services like Amazon Prime Music and Pandora becomes a true pleasure using this device.The Fire TV Stick is a super easy way to add Amazon Instant Video services, Netflix, and Hulu Plus to any HDTV or PC monitor with a HDMI port via a WiFi connection.The bottom line: The Fire TV Stick is simple to setup and operate, and it's swift performance packs an entertaining punch. I'd recommend it to anyone who desires 'easy' in their streaming device.PERFECT FOR CUTTING THE CORD OR NOTI ordered the Fire TV Stick during a special promo for Prime members that offered the device for less than twenty bucks.  I jumped at the chance to be one of the first Amazon customers to give this one a go, receiving the Fire TV Stick in mid-November.I bought two. One is attached to a bedroom HDTV and the other is connected to my a monitor in my home office.  Both devices are connected to my home network that is powered by a TP-LINK Archer C8 AC1750 Dual Band Wireless AC Gigabit Router, 2.4GHz 450Mbps+5Ghz 1350Mbps, 1 USB 2.0 Port & 1 USB 3.0 Port, IPv6, Guest Network connected to Charter high speed internet at 60 Mbps.I'm a cord cutter. That means I don't have cable or satellite TV, I use the internet and over-the-air TV via a Mohu Leaf 50 Amplified Indoor Antenna for my entertainment. (I actually wrote a book about how to cut the cord called Simple Guide to Over-the-Air Free TV. ) The Fire TV Stick is perfect for cord cutters and since Sling Television rolled out, I'm in Heaven using this device! I loved Sling TV so much, I wrote a book about it too: Simple Guide to Sling TV.I have used many streaming devices with mixed success, but none have had ASAP (Advanced Streaming And Prediction) as this one does. Whatever it is, Amazon has a winning bit of technology. It makes a tremendous difference on the speed with which videos start to play, particularly Amazon Instant Videos. No buffering or waiting for video to load with the Fire TV Stick. It's a great perk!IT'S NOT COMPLICATEDThe Amazon Fire TV Stick is built with high tech hardware inside, but it has a simple user interface that isn't complicated to setup and use. Take it out of the box, plug it into an available HDMI port on a HDTV or monitor and get started.You need to know your wireless network password and if you're a subscriber to Netflix, Hulu Plus, Amazon or other subscription service you'll want to have those passwords handy too when you get started.From unboxing to setup it should take less than 15 minutes to plug it in, setup your network connection, update the device software, watch the intro video and start picking out your apps.READY TO HIT THE ROADThe Fire TV Stick is highly portable and once your apps have been loaded into the memory on the device, you can unplug it and take it with you to a friend's house, on vacation or off to college. You'll just have to enter the wireless password for any new networks you want to hook up to at your new location.  Your subscription service information and apps will be retained by the device.Paired with an Amazon Prime subscription the Fire TV Stick is incredible in terms of the amount of content that's available and readily available at any location in the US.Throw in a Netflix subscription ($8 a month after 1 month free trial) and a Hulu Plus ($8 a month after a free 7 day trial) and you've got a plethora of entertainment for very little money.NOT THE SAME AS THE FIRE TVThe Fire TV Stick doesn't have the voice activation feature installed on the included remote that the Fire TV does, but you can get an iOS or Android app to gain that feature through your smartphone or buy the Voice remote for Amazon Fire TV and Fire TV Stick.It's also limited in that it has 8GB of storage space, that is actually 5. 57GB when you consider the operating system takes up some of it.When you start downloading apps and games, that storage space is reduced without a way to gain more without removing installed apps.In future Stick versions I'd expect Amazon to offer different storage size or options.  Although the use of Cloud storage for Amazon Music and Photos is integrated and readily accessible on the device, so maybe not? The device does not have the ability to add more storage space via a microSD card or similar.The dual core processor isn't as fast as the Fire TV, but for this low price point and features, who really cares?  It's definitely faster than Google Chromecast HDMI Streaming Media Player and the Roku 3500R Streaming Stick (HDMI).--------------------------------------------------------------------PROS:+ Low Price+ Easy to Use+ Highly Portable+ Large Number of Apps+ Several Types of Apps: Streaming Video (Netflix, Amazon Instant Video), Music & Games+ Android Remote Apps Available for Voice Input+ Fast, ASAP Launching of Content+ 7.1 Dolby Digital Surround Sound (when streaming media supports it).+ 1 GB Memory with 8 GB Storage+ Dual Core Processor+ With Fire Phone or Tablet you can `Fling' Content to HDTV.+ Mirroring of Android Tablet or Phone via Fire TV Stick; in Settings. *Miracast certified.+ View Photo Slideshows on HDTV via Device.+ Prime Music (for Prime members) Can Be Streamed as can Pandora.+ Similar functionality to Amazon Fire TV without the big price tag!+ Ability to use Bluetooth controllers.+ Parental Controls+ Amazon Fire Game Controller is available+ Cool screensaver feature.+ Connects to laptops, monitors and HDTVs via HDMI for viewing on the go.+ No need for PlexPass to use the Plex app on this device to share media.CONS:- Remote, if lost, costs $15 to replace.- Slide to insert batteries into the remote is very difficult to get open.- You cannot thwart the opening video upon setup.- Device automatically registered to purchaser; can be changed at setup.- Applications are automatically setup to send App Usage Data to Amazon; can be turned off in Settings.- 8 GB Storage is actually a little over 5 GB.- Software updates may be slow.- Downloading apps takes up space on the device, versus most used apps like Netflix and Amazon Instant being installed prior to shipment.- The remote is small and easy to lose.- Fire TV Stick gets warm to the touch when in use.- Game play is not great with the included TV remote; get the game pad (not included).- Uses Wifi, no wired internet option. (Not a real `Con' to me, but it's worth a mention.)- No HBO GO app; not an issue for those without HBO.NOTE:  The device has its Pros and Cons, but none of the Cons are significant enough;  considering this device's low price, to make me drop a star from my high rating of this product.-----------------------------------------------------------------------FAVORITE APPSHere are 10 of my favorite apps on the device that will be downloaded and installed when you click on them.1. Netflix - 1 month free is awesome, and at only $8 per month it's totally worth it.2. Hulu Plus - 7 days free, and only $8 per month; great option to those who don't have a DVR.3. Pluto.TV - It's free online and with the app. Gives you tons of fantastic content both for music videos and programming. If you like HGTV programming, comedy programming, cooking shows and sports - get this one.4. TuneIn Radio - worldwide radio stations are so fun!5. Chicchild Fish Aquarium - turns your TV or monitor into an aquarium, complete with gentle filter and bubble sounds.6. Red Bull TV - if you like extreme sports, check it out.7. Docurama - Documentaries of all kinds; very educational.8. CBS News - Get the highlights of the evening broadcast without commercials.9. tubi tv - Fraggle Rock episodes. Need I say more?10. All Recipes - It's food porn.CONCLUSIONThe Amazon Fire TV Stick is so much more than the Chromecast (which lacks the Amazon App and access to both Amazon Music and Instant Video) and Roku Stick (only 256MB of flash memory compared to 1GB with the Firet TV Stick) devices which are sold at close to the same price point.The simple user interface, guided setup and fast performance are a pleasure to use, and I'm still shaking my head at how inexpensive this thing is!The Fire TV Stick comes with a 1 year warranty, and a 30-Day Money Back Guarantee. If you don't `love it', you can return it in new condition for a full refund.  (Trust me. You're gonna love it!)If you want to, you can buy a Fire TV voice remote and pair it with the device in settings. Alternatively, you can get the FREE Android or iOS apps to use voice commands via your phone or tablet.Assuming its durability is good, it's going to please many, many consumers.  I'm very impressed with this device and happy to recommend it to cord cutters and non-cord cutters alike.It's just too bad Amazon didn't launch it earlier in the year as I know a lot of folks will be wishing they could get them to give as Christmas gifts this year.--------------------------------------------------------------------------SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING TRAVEL PER AMAZON:"If you're traveling with Fire TV Stick, you can access apps and games you've downloaded to your device.With a U.S. address and credit card, you'll also be able to purchase new apps and games for Fire TV Stick while you are abroad.To access Amazon Instant Video movies and TV shows, you must be physically present in the U.S. and have a U.S. billing address. Many third-party services and media apps are not available outside the U.S."--------------------------------------------------------------------------
**** Update:  December 3rd, 2014 ****Here are a set of new observations:- Forgot to mention earlier, but remote is *not* IR, so it doesn't have to be oriented in any particular direction to work.- Screen saver doesn't seem to kick in when using Netflix, possibly other apps as well (haven't tried Hulu Plus yet).  Removing a star for this, as this can be a huge disadvantage for folks with plasma displays.- If you FF or RWD at the highest speed, the frame preview cannot keep up.  Not a huge deal, and there could be multiple factors at play (e.g. broadband speed, Fire TV Stick performance, etc.).- Stable.  When I'd first received my Chromecast, it would lose network connection, or restart at least once a week.- Graphical interface is optimized for larger TVs.  I have a 27" 720p LCD in a bedroom, and I noticed that the video artwork is hard to see.  This was not an issue on our 42" 720p plasma.  Definitely something to consider when using the Fire TV Stick on smaller screens.  For reference, the Chromecast and old Roku XD were fine to use on screens sized 23", 27", and 42".  I even had the Roku on a tiny 15" screen, and it wasn't too difficult to make out the video artwork.**** Update:  November 24th, 2014 ****A few more observations:- Unlike Chromecast, the screen eventually goes from screensaver to blank.  That is a HUGE positive.- Fast forward and rewind during viewing available at multiple speeds:  1x, 2x, 3x.- Fast forward and rewind during pause only when forward or rewind buttons are depressed.- Fast forward and rewind in all modes operate at 10 second intervals and boundaries (e.g. pauae at 15:24, push forward, next step would stop at 15:30).- Pause is fast, precise (no frame jitter), and picks up virtually instantaneously.  Note that audio and subtitles can be easily controlled during pause.  Very nice!- Scrubbing is seamless in either direction.- Remote is intuitive, easy to operate buttons without looking.I'm really enjoying finding all the subtle details.  This seems to have been thought out very nicely so far.I've bumped my rating to 5 stars based on the latest findings.  I continue to be impressed with the ease of use and intuitive design so far.**** Update:  November 21st, 2014 ****I streamed a show from Amazon Video.  It took about 10 seconds for the stream to go to a HD resolution (or at least less compression).  There were no hiccups during streaming, and the Fire HDX stayed synchronized with the Fire TV stick.  I liked having the option of having the remote available for quick operations, like pausing, rewind, etc.  The Fire HDX was great for when I wanted to use X-ray or browse for other content.I think the Amazon ecosystem is shaping up nicely.  I wasn't a huge fan of the Fire HDX when I purchased it a few months ago, but now that it plays nice with the Fire TV stick, I have new appreciation for it.  I'm really looking forward to getting the Echo (if I ever get an invite!) and seeing how it integrates with the Fire HDX and Fire TV Stick.There are definitely more features I have not explored, so I'll be updating the review with even more interesting details.**** Original Initial Impression ****I'm in the same boat as other reviews:  Have a few streaming devices already (Roku, chromecast), trying Fire TV Stick because of the low $19 introductory price for prime members.I'm only 30 minutes into using the Fire TV Stick.  As some people have mentioned already, I had to wait about 15 minutes for it to update.  After the update, it was ready to go.  A cure introductory video played once we were past a few screens.Observations do far:- Fire HDX sees the Fire TV Stick immediately, allows you to control it.  X-Ray is available on the tablet while the content is streamed to the TV.- App installs happen in the background.- Initiating streaming was almost instant (non-HD).- Setup was a bit easier than chromecast.- Integration with Amazon video was expectedly smooth.- Remote is a definite plus over chromecast.I'm going to update this review some more once I've spent some quality time with it.
Hello all, I will continue to update this review as time goes by but I have played with this for several hours now and can give some decent impressions for those that are interested.I purchased two of these to replace two older Roku HD devices in my bedrooms, I still have a Roku 2 XS in my living room.  I am a total cord cutter and we watch all television streaming on three televisions.  No antenna as there are no stations to pick up, 10k to get cable ran to the house, and satellite does now work either, so since moving here a few years back I've been a cord cutter by necessity. That said, I'm glad and now we cannot imagine going back so I guess it was good.Installation of the devices could not be any simpler really, I decided to use the supplied power adapter and not power via the TV as we will use these every single time we turn on the TV so why wait for start up?  You can power via a USB port on the TV if needed but then the power on takes about 45 seconds or so.  Not horrible, but seeing as I can bypass that why not do so?  Once connected they had to update after connecting to my WiFi in the house.  I chose my 5ghz network over the 2.4 for speed and they both are working great with amazing signal strength. (5ghz is faster than 2.4 but shorter range. If you can try to use 5ghz if your router has it; if not normal 2.4ghz will be fine) One updated fine and had no issues, the second one gave an error and needed to be power cycled.  I did so by removing the power cord and after coming back up it updated and worked fine.  Servers could be overloaded with lots of devices updating right now is my guess.The update took about 10 minutes, then it plays an intro video going over the basics. Little long, but informative enough to not be annoying.  After that you are ready to go, and you are already logged into Amazon right off the bat if you purchased this from Amazon.  The speed of searching through content and general menus blows away my Rokus, literally no contest.  I then set about installing my other needed apps, Netflix, Hulu Plus, Plex, Crackle, YouTube, Pandora, VEVO and a few games.  After getting sucessfully logged into all my services I started playing around with them all.Streaming from all my apps is absolutely faster than any of my Roku devices, and many of my apps look totally different.  Netflix and Hulu are my most used apps and they are much improved versions from what I'm coming from on my Rokus though I have seen the interface on other devices like my old PlayStation 3.  It was still neat to see the improvements.  Plex looks better too, and my newfound speed is still my favorite thing about these.  Streaming is so fast to start, and they start at a higher quality than I'm used to, I'm used to the first minute or more being lower definition but these start off much better. Overall every single app I tried worked better than on my Rokus form a speed, usability, and picture quality standpoint. Maybe newer Rokus would fare better but in my testing it really was night and day better.I also tried a few games, like Ski Safari and they worked very well, I will not use this feature much but it did work fine and I set quite the high score in Ski Safari for my daughter to try and beat on her TV.Negatives?  Well, it really does push Prime first and foremost in searching but I can understand why.  Still, no search results form Netflix seems like a glaring miss, and that needs to be added ASAP.  Some apps people want are not available, but in my case none are missing so that does not apply to me.  Overall app selection needs to improve as I'm sure it will given time, Roku as a big lead here.  Then again, it has every app I personally use so this will vary by user.Overall, I really like this and it smokes my old Rokus so I did very well getting these.  I might get one more for the living room now and totally switch over.  This was a great purchase for me anyway, and I'm glad I got them.UPDATE 11/23/14 - Okay, I have used this for a few more days now and I like it so well I just ordered a third one for my living room TV.  Again, as I get TV no other way I have used these extensively and really like how big an improvement this is over my existing devices.  We have also done more gaming than expected, Ski Safari and Badland run great and are easy to play with the included remote. I am now in the top 3% of scores in Ski Safari, I don't know weather to be proud or ashamed, but still it is fun!  :)  So far we have not had a single issue trying to play anything video wise either, no glitches or troubles of any kind after that first update issue on the one I mentioned above.  I was going to wait for a 4k streaming device for the living room as I plan to eventually (at least in my dreams) upgrade to 4k there, but the deal is too good to pass up and the improvements too nice so I'll get another one now.  My internet speed will not support 4k anyway. I'll update more in the future as needed.UPDATE 1/12/15 - Devices are still working very well, I have had no issues yet.  My devices have updated to new software/firmware a couple of times now and there have been no ill effects from doing so, nor do I personally see any improvements. The biggest thing to report is that there is finally an iPad/iPhone app to control the Fire TV Stick and I have been using that app and the Android app a lot and really like it.  The app is responsive and works very well in testing.  It is a native app for tablets (Roku is not, uses the x2 screen doubling on the iPad) and looks good.  Currently the Android app seems nicer, but it is in very minor animation type areas, like when accessing voice control, that you can really se any difference. Works well, the app is now on two iPhones, two android tablets, and one iPad and works great on them all!
Amazon got it perfect with the Fire TV Stick except for a few minor glitchesThe product was beautifully packaged and connecting it to the TV was done in a breeze. However installing batteries in the remote was the most difficult part. The  cover for the battery compartment was very tight and there is no indication on the remote itself to indicate the direction that it needs to slide. This made me nervous about breaking it by applying too much pressure . Finally after a long time the batteries were installed and I was able to start the Fire TV stick.Once started, it prompted me to connect to the wireless network and immediately after connecting, it started to search for updates and started downloading the update without giving me any other option. I have a high speed internet connection but the download of the update was quite slow.  After the update was downloaded, it restarted multiple times to install the update and once everything was done, its prompting me to enter the password for the wireless network again. This can be time consuming if you have a long and complex password. I dont think its very difficult to store wireless password on the device in between updates.After the initial setup is done the device boots and Amazon has already configured it for your account which is good. Then starts the help video that I cannot quit and forced to watch. After watching the long intro video we can actually get to use the device the way it was meant to.Pros:* Absolutely no buffering: I tried youtube and netflix and the videos play almost instantly. Amazon nailed this as it can be quite frustrating to watch youtube videos on Android devices.* The general layout of the content looks good and it can be easily navigated using the remote.Cons:* The biggest problem I had was using the Fire TV remote app. I have an Nexus 5 Android phone and the App just did not detect the Fire TV stick on the network. This meant that I had to very tediously login to all the other accounts such as Netflix, Hulu, etc. I use the same phone on the same network to control my chromecast without any problems.* i tried it on my friends wireless  router and this time my phone was able to detect the device. I tried the voice search and was really disappointed with it. Its just too slow and cannot recognize the words spoken. Although I am not a native english speaker, google's voice recognition is able to recognize what I say perfectly. So a big thumbs down for this.* Installed Tunein to listen to the radio. It does not play all the stations. So I tried iHeart radio app and even this could not play the stations I wanted to listen while the Tunein app installed on my phone was able to play those stations.* Finally after installing the apps, the whole system became a bit slow and laggy. It does not respond immediately when the remote is pressed and takes some time to go back or to the home screen.Since most of these are a software problem, Hoping that there's a new update soon that fixes these minor problems.Overall: Great device with minor problems that can be fixed
I currently own 3 Chromecast devices which I use for Netflix, Pandora and Plex.When the Fire TV Stick came out with support for Amazon Instant Video and Spotify, along with with Netfix, Pandora and Plex, at an initial cost of $20 I thought lets give this a shot!When my Fire TV Stick showed up today, I got it unboxed to find the Stick, Remote, Charger, USB cable, HDMI extension and 2 AAA batteries.I took it right over to my TV to plug in where the Chromecast is and the first thing I noticed was the USB charging location is on the side vs the back like the Chromecast. This causes conflict with other HDMI cables on the back of my TV. CONMoving on, I get the device booted and it was waiting for my input. Using the remote, I connected to the WIFI and it started to update which took about 15 minutes.As soon as it finished installing the updates, I was greeted with an on screen video tutorial of how to operate the device. During the updating, I went and downloaded the Android Fire TV controller app.The on screen menu is fairly easy to navigate, very Amazon Fire like.The app is, different. I really haven't figured out how to properly control some things yet but we'll get there.The first thing I noticed was that I had to "download" the Netflix application onto the Fire TV Stick. Uh, ok? I went and opened Netflix on my phone and it instantly located the device, just like the Chromecast. I selected the device and selected a show to watch. I sent it to start playing, Fire TV launched the Netflix app but that's where it stopped. At this point, it wanted me to log in to Netflix. This certainly is different than the Chromecast. There I just send my content and it must just pass my credentials some how to just start playing. Once I got logged in, I could send content from Netflix on my phone just like the Chromecast.After launching Spotify on my phone, I had the option to send my music to the Fire TV. Once I got some tunes playing, I noticed I had zero audio control over the content via my phone. I went back to Netflix and noticed the same thing. Well that sucks, major CON right there.When I went to plug in my second device, I learned that my TV will not power the Fire TV stick as it does my Chromecast. This may be due to the fact that this device is more powerful thus requires more power.At this time, I'm still testing but at this point, I'd stick with the Chromecast, I just really wish Spotify and Amazon Instant Video were supported there.
This little device is really great! I currently own an Apple TV, so I will compare a little to that. So, why did I buy this if I already had an Apple TV? Well, as a Prime member, I couldn't pass up the deal the day it was announced. But, the primary reason I purchased it was because of portability. I like having the option of having it in the guest room at home, or bringing it with me on a trip. Anyways, on to my initial observations:Pros:-Size: This is the main reason why I purchased this product. Don't get me wrong, I like my Apple TV, but it won't ever leave the place it is. The Fire TV Stick on the other hand, I plan on taking it with me on trips.-Performance: This thing is really fast! Response is fantastic.-Apps: I am stoked to have the ability to downloads apps.-Included HDMI extender is handy.-It came registered to my Prime account, which was great. All my Prime music playlists were all there.-8GB of storage-Size of the remote. I actually like the size of the Fire TV Stick remote more than the Apple TV remote. The layout of the buttons is also an improvement of the Apple TV remote. It seems that Amazon targeted utility over design on the remote which is very much okay with me.Cons:-Not a huge deal, but the remote feels a little on the cheap "plasticy" side, but for $20 I won't complain. Even at full price, I wouldn't complain too much but I thought I should mention in.-I wish the USB cable was a little longer. Since I plan to use it for travel mostly, a longer USB cable would be useful. EDIT: a user commented on a being able to purchase a longer cable, which is a very good point and I actually already had one. The con about the length of the USB cable is strictly just what came in the box.Overall I am very pleased with the Fire TV Stick and even at $40, you should not hesitate to purchase one especially if you are an Amazon Prime member.
The Fire Stick comes in similar packaging to the other Fire devices. I decided to pick up two of these at the prime price they had and I'm very happy with the value. The device feels nice (not that you'll spend a lot of time handling it) and it's relatively easy to setup. That being said, why, why did I need to type in my password after the system updates? Not terrible but inconvenient. I didn't have to do that with my Fire TV. Also, was it not possible for Amazon to allow us to skip past the tutorial video? I have several Amazon products, I know how to use thing device. I pressed all of the buttons to skip the video and I ended up backing myself all the way back to having to enter my network password again (only two taps of the back button to get there from the Tutorial video). After entering my password a third time I sat through the video...Overall, good value and a good device. Nothing groundbreaking here but the setup process could use an option for skipping the tutorial video and someone should make it so I don't back all the way over to typing in my password again. And even if it does, it should not have asked me to type in the password a third time since I had already provided the device with valid credentials; it should have remembered.The RemoteThe control feels a little stiff but Ill chalk that up to it being new. Definitely a step down from the Fire TV remote but at $40 I can't complain. Also, there's a short delay in the device reacting after pressing a button if you don't use the remote for a while. It's about a second long but it's manageableThe AdI didn't know that there would be an add at the top of the UI when I purchased the device. It's not terribly obtrusive but it's also not there on my Fire TV.
I was fortunate to order one of these as soon as it was announced.  As an Amazon Prime member, I was able to buy the Fire TV Stick for $19 during a two day sale.  I figured, for that price, I might as well test it out!Set up was easy and straight forward.  I find that the interface is quick and easy to use.  The interface and streaming on the Stick is much faster than the Amazon app built into my HDTV.  This fact alone made this a great purchase. Here are some more thoughts I have on the Fire TV Stick so far:✔ PROS:- Quick, easy to use, polished interface- Wireless streaming works really well- Amazon Instant video loads, fast forwards, and rewinds really fast- A dedicated Prime Menu allows Prime members to easily see what free content is available- Unlike Chromecast, the Fire TV Stick includes a remote- Can stream your own videos by first uploading them to your cloud disk- Can play quite a few casual games- Awesome, irresistible price for Amazon Prime users. I got it for $19 during the two day sale.- Better specs than Chromecast and Roku Stick- Ultraportable.  I plan to use Fire TV Stick when I travel for work and to visit family- Stream local videos and other content using the Plex app http://www.amazon.com/Plex-Inc/dp/B004Y1WCDE/ (Thanks BikeRider!)✔ CONS:- Included remote doesn't support voice search.  That remote costs extra.  Would be nice to have a second Fire TV Stick model that includes the voice search remote, rather can requiring us to buy a second remote.- Probably won't be able to use universal remotes with this unless Logitech offers a compatible device.- Not as fast as Fire TV, but since the Stick is so much cheaper, this is not really an issue.- Limited compatibility with older Android devices.✔ OTHER- Arrived associated with my Amazon account.  You can change this of course.  Just keep this in mind if you are sending the Fire TV Stick as a gift.- Unlike the Chromecast, the Fire TV Stick may complain if you connect its power port to a USB port on your TV instead of using the included AC power brick.- Setup will take 15 to 20 minutes- Would be nice if this thing was compatible with the Fire Keyboard: http://www.amazon.com/review/R1DFOMPMA8NG4V/✔ AMAZON FIRE TV STICK vs CHROMECASTChromecast is cheaper these days.  It's a very capable device. It currently has a few notable content sources that Fire TV Stick doesn't have, including HBO Go and Sling Player.  It doesn't have a remote and I find the user interface to be a little clunky.Amazon Fire TV Stick has a remote and a very quick and easy to use interface.  Your non-technically inclined family members will find the Fire TV Stick easier to use than the Chromecast.  If you have Amazon Prime, it's a no brainer.  Chose the Stick over the Chromecast.✔ AMAZON FIRE TV STICK vs FIRE TVThe Fire TV is faster, includes voice search, has more RAM, has more storage, has an Ethernet port, and can play more games.  It's also more expensive (although there are discounts on them all the time).The Fire TV Stick is more portable.  It's also a lot cheaper, especially if you are an Amazon Prime member and got the initial $19 price.If you can afford to the Fire TV, get that.  Otherwise the Fire TV Stick is a great alternative.  I plan to own both. :-)✔ BOTTOM LINEI really like the Amazon Fire TV Stick.  At only $19 for Amazon Prime members (during the 2 day sale), I REALLY, REALLY LIKE Fire TV Stick.Its interface is faster and easier to use than my HDTV's built-in Amazon app, plus it includes a lot more video sources.  It's really the best way to view your Amazon content on a TV.The interesting thing is, Fire TV Stick has convinced me to buy the more expensive Fire TV too.  I want to have the voice search and the faster interface on my main HDTV.  I plan to take the Fire Stick with me when I travel for work or travel to visit family.For Amazon Prime members, and for anyone that has a few Amazon movie/TV purchases, the both the Fire TV and the Fire TV Stick are must have devices and great stocking stuffers for this Christmas.✔ FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONSQ: Where can I find the Fire TV Stick in stock?A: If Amazon doesn't have it in stock, try your local Staples or Best Buy.  You may be able to check their websites to view local inventory.Q: Do I have to pay extra for Netflix?A: Yes.  You must have an existing Netflix subscription in order to view Netflix content on your Fire TV Stick.  In general, if you normally have to pay a subscription to access a streaming service, that subscription is required in order for you to stream content via the Fire TV Stick.Q: Do I need Amazon Prime to use the Fire TV Stick?A: No. Amazon Prime is not required to use Fire TV Stick.  You can access Netflix, Hulu Plus, and even your Amazon Instant Video purchases, all without having an Amazon Prime subscription.Q: What is the advantage of having an Amazon Prime subscription with the Fire TV Stick?A: Amazon Prime give you unlimited access to over 40,000 movies and TV shows, including access to a large selection of HBO shows.  You also get access to Prime Music, as well as unlimited cloud storage for your photos.  You also get free two-day shipping, as well as the ability to earn credits for purchasing books, movies, and music.Q: Can I watch live ESPN broadcasts for free using Fire TV Stick?A: To access live ESPN broadcasts via your Fire TV Stick, you must already have access to ESPN through an existing cable TV subscription. The providers below offer access to WatchESPN live video:- AT&T; U-verse- Bright House Networks- Charter- Comcast XFINITY- Cox- DISH- Google Fiber- Midcontinent Communications- Optimum- Time Warner Cable- Verizon FiOS TVQ: Is the Fire TV Stick compatible with HBO GO?A: HBO GO will be available for Fire TV Stick in Spring 2015.  HBO GO is currently available for the Fire TV box.Q: Is a "Smart TV" required to use Fire TV Stick?A: No.  Any TV with an available HDMI port will work.Q: Can the Fire TV Stick play games?A: Yes.  Please note however that the Fire TV Stick doesn't play all Android games.  It doesn't even play all the games that can run on the Fire TV box.  Also note that some games require an optional game controller.Q: Can I use a universal remote control with the Fire TV Stick, such as a Logitech remote?A: IR based remote controls do not work with the Fire TV Stick.  However, Logitech's Harmony Hub and Harmony Home products are compatible with both Fire TV and Fire TV Stick.  For more details, google "Harmony experience with Amazon Fire TV and Fire TV Stick".Q: Can I use my TV's USB port to power the Fire TV Stick?A: The Fire TV Stick requires an amount of power usually not provided in standard USB ports.  The included USB cable and AC adapter definitely works, of course.  An AC powered USB hub may work.  A USB port on your TV or other equipment probably will not work.Q: Will the Fire TV Stick continue to work if I switch TVs?A: Yes.  You can use the Fire TV Stick on any HDMI equipped TV in your home.  You can also use it when you are away from home.Q: Can I use the Fire TV Stick in a hotel room, using hotel Wi-Fi?A: The hotel room TV requires an accessible HDMI port, of course.  If in order to access your hotel's Wi-Fi network you must first access a special web page to log in, this functionality is coming soon to the Fire TV Stick but not yet available (as of 12/18/2014).Q: Can I access the Fire TV Stick from my audio/visual receiver (AVR)?A: I haven't personally tested this but I believe it should work.  Your AVR must have an available HDMI port of course.Q: Can I stream content from my local computers to my Fire TV Stick?A: Yes, using the Plex app.Q: Can I view Ultraviolet (UV) movies on my Fire TV Stick?A: At least one person (B. Brown of Oregon) reports that you can watch Ultraviolet movies using the Flixster app.  I haven't personally tried it.Q: How do I turn the Fire TV Stick off?A: You don't have to turn the Fire TV Stick off.  It goes to sleep after a period of inactivity.  If you want to put it to sleep anyway, go to settings > system menu > click sleep. (Thx Selden Deemer)Q: How do I open the remote to insert the batteries?A: In the middle of the back of the remote, there is a small rectangle. Right next to it, there's the edge where the battery cover and the rest of the remote meets. Place your thumb on the rectangle and, with a little force, move the rectangle away from the edge. The cover should come off easily. Hope this helps!Q: Can I block family members from making purchases using the Fire TV Stick?A: Yes.  You can enable a feature that requires a PIN number to be entered before purchases can be made.*** If you like this review, please mark this review as helpful!  Also, feel free to ask me questions about the Fire TV Stick! ***
*** Update 12/8/14 ****After using the device for a few weeks now I have changed my rating. This has become a good product for the prices I paid ($19/$24) but not yet 5 stars. I like it way more than my Chromecast, but not nearly as much as my AppleTV.First off, they finally opened up the remote control app compatibility with my Galaxy Tab Pro 8.1 but unfortunately the IOS app still hasn't been released.Second, I finally figured out how to do remote screen mirroring from my Galaxy Tab Pro and Nexus 7. It turns out you have to go in to the menu and pull up the screen for remote mirroring and leave it there while the device connects - that feature does not actively run in the background. I'm glad I figured that out, but it seems kind of lame that it's something you have to activate every time. And despite what the product page says about DIAL compatibility and the ability to 'fling' YouTube from IOS or Android, that's not working as of right now. It's disappointing to see them advertise features that aren't yet available.Third, I've noticed that every so often the audio will get a hiccup while watching Netflix. By hiccup, I mean a digital skip, sounds like 'eeeeeenk'. It might happen 3-4 times in 45 minutes. A little annoying. Not sure if it happens in other apps too, I've only been using Netflix lately. Hopefully they'll fix this in the next update.I'm still really liking the remote control, although I do wish it had directional detents.Looking forward to the next software update.Original review: Nov 20, 2014Got the Fire TV Stick today, I've owned/used a few generations of Apple TV, a Roku 3, several Chromecast and even one of the first WDTV devices.With that in mind, here are my Day 1 notes:- The advertised Fire Stick remote controller companion app is listed as not compatible with current generation Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 8.4 - this is happening on both Amazon App store and Google Play. There's no reason that it should be listed like that since it has a 2+Ghz processor, 2GB ram and latest Android release. The Apple app is also not yet available. Fortunately I have a Nexus 7 device which it is compatible with and can say it works, but not nearly as good as say the Xbox Glass or Apple TV app.- As others have mentioned, the power connector location on the side of the unit is kind of weird and for me prevented it from being plugged directly in to one of my TV's HDMI ports. Fortunately Amazon included an extension cable so it can be managed. Chromecast wins in its design with the power connector on the very end.- The included controller needs up/down/left/right nubs or some kind of detent on the directional circle to give a tactile indicator of where your finger is pressing. Maybe I'll get used to it in time, but I've hit the wrong direction several times now and this is something that should not require any thought. I do like that it's a little bulky and has some heft with the batteries. Compared with the Apple TV remote, which is sleeker but also so easy to lose in the couch or a pocket, I already prefer the Fire Stick remote. Also, it's either RF or Bluetooth so it's nice not to have to point it the TV.- It lost my wifi settings after first software update. Not sure why it's not saving them. Maybe this is just a day one glitch.- Screen casting / mirroring not available for Nexus 7 or Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro devices. I guess it's only going to work with Kindles?Other than that, the interface is pretty decent and the included animated tour is a nice touch. It does seem built around Amazon Prime offerings, no surprise there, but there are plenty of other options too. I tend to stick with Netflix/Hulu/Pandora for 99% of my use.
While no one review can tell you which item you should get or skip, my honest, unfiltered opinions have helped many over the years so that is what I will deliver here. Just to be clear, I do not work for Amazon nor did I receive this item for free. Just like the Fire TV for the Fire TV Stick, I paid the same price other customers did. I am also getting nothing from Amazon for writing this review, I write reviews to help customers like myself not waste their time and money on products not worth it.Alright, now that has been said, I will road test this against my Fire TV box ($100), Google's ChromeCast ($35), Roku 3 ($100) and Roku's streaming stick to start because I want to keep this review as simple as possible. (While I am an Apple fan, *personally* I do not feel that Apple TV's current box/ecosystem/value is strong enough to warrant being included. The hardware/performance and features on this Fire TV stick are far superior at almost 1/3rd the price).Comparing this to the Fire TV box, it is clear that there are trade offs to reduce the cost 60%--the question is what are those differences worth to you.PERFORMANCE:The brain (processor) is dual core technology instead of quad core which is featured in Fire TV box. This basically means it can handle 2 tasks at once instead of 4. It also has 1 gb of ram instead of 2 gb which the Fire TV box features.In the real world this seems to mean a little more waiting but not as much as you might think. It still feels generally snappy through menus and you wouldn't call it slow for much of what I tested but I would say after some use of both devices, you can notice some difference. It does limit the games that play smoothly and some apps are slower to open and use--but still it takes being used to the Fire TV box's performance to notice.That being said, it is 3rd in my useable speed after the Fire TV box and Roku 3 (because of their simpler system). It is faster and crisper than Chromecast or Roku's streaming stick which both have less ram, less storage space and a single core processor.Now I would like to say that Amazon's team will keep tweaking their platform to have this Fire TV stick beat Roku 3's performance but I highly doubt they will.While the boot time varies, to me this isn't a huge deal for a budget product and it isn't something you are likely to notice.FEATURES:Some things have been cut from the full Fire TV Box but not as many as you might think. First off the fancy remote with the voice search is gone. Now as I said in my Fire TV box review, this voice search is one of the game changing features of the Fire TV box. It allows you to hold one button down and speak normally, requesting nearly anything you can think of. The game changing part is that it works extremely well understanding people so it is truly useful. The content it pulls up is steadily increasing but it does not include Netflix content currently. I use it for pulling up music videos on the Vevo app, content from Amazon Instant Video, content from Hulu Plus, etc. I can't wait until it expands support for Netflix and other apps as well as simple wikipedia type content.This feature (only found in the Fire TV box) isn't available without you having a smartphone and Amazon's app that will allow you to use your phone to make these type of searches on the Fire TV stick. Even with the app, the ease of use isn't he same which makes it a downgrade from the full Fire TV box. Yes you can also purchase the remote separately ($30) but that brings you to pretty much the Fire TV box price and unless you need the small size of the stick, the full box is a much better value at that point.You also lose the optical output which makes it easier to hook up to your home theater in some cases as well as a wired ethernet connection which can slow down your streaming if you have wired ethernet jacks handy. (I know that wireless speeds are technically faster than you can likely stream content but there is still a practical difference between having it wired and being wireless in terms of speed and reliability). Past that it is similar to a Fire TV box in terms of features (past the slower speed/less ram making it unable to run some games).Now this still doesn't have the ability to stream anything in your browser window (like Chromecast can), nor can it access all the content that Roku 3 & Roku's streaming stick can nor does it have the headphone jack in the remote like the Roku 3 box (for listening to content while someone else is sleeping or doing something else). These are real losses that you need to think about before choosing which streaming device to select. For me, I rarely use my Chromecast to stream from a browser because no matter which device I test it with, the performance is disappointing--even when I lower the quality setting it still drops frames which makes the video choppy. While I also like the headphone jack on the Roku 3 remote, it is really bad at draining battery life which is a shame. I honestly do not miss the Roku only content but I watch more mainstream content. More on that under content.Did I miss a feature that I should cover? Let me know under comments and I will add it to this review.CONTENT:As I said above, as of right now Roku still has more content but most of the stuff that is exclusively on Roku isn't stuff that the average user will miss--unless you have had Roku and watch more unusual channels or watch HBO Go which still doesn't have a Fire TV app. Now that being said, now that Amazon Instant Video with Prime service has all the older (3yr+) content, much of that HBO stuff is available for free on Fire TV box and stick.There is no web browsing like you can on Chromecast on Fire TV. That means you can't watch random websites videos (Fire TV does have full YouTube support) or browse facebook on the big screen. As I said under features, for me Chromecast's performance issues reduce my interest in doing this but I would LOVE to see that feature added to the Fire TV devices with their better hardware.Amazon added Amazon Music to the Fire TV devices--this means that any song you purchased as a digital download from Amazon is also available on your device. Even better? The songs play with the words on the screen so you can sing along. :) I do wish they would add Prime Streaming Music content as well but I bet that is already in the works.Amazon is also adding Amazon Prime photos--all of your photos store for free if you have Prime and they are available on the Fire TV devices as well which is a nice touch.GAMING:No other streaming device can play "real" games like the Fire TV box can but this Fire TV stick can play the same sort of games that other devices can and Amazon claims there is more games for this than other devices. You can also use some bluetooth gaming controllers (including Amazon's own) to up the gaming feel but if you want to game with a streaming device, skip the stick and get the Fire TV box (and some controller).VALUE:So comparing this to the full Fire TV box you are paying just 40% of the price for all the content (minus some game support) with (currently) no voice search unless you purchase a ($30) remote or use the app, no optical output and no ethernet jack. You are also sacrificing some of the speed of the full box and well as the "future proof'ness" that the full box's hardware provides.For me that is an easier thing to do on secondary TVs (think bedrooms, kitchens, guest rooms, garages, etc) than on the main living room TV that you use the most. For me this Fire TV stick is worth about $50 to $60 compared to the $100 full box. Since it sells for less than that, it is a very good value--IF it meets your needs.Comparing this to Roku 3, you get nearly everything that Roku 3 offers--better performance compared to cheaper devices, a nice non-line of sight remote, some light gaming, etc except the Roku only content like HBO Go and the headphone jack built into the remote (covered under features) for so much less.I do not recommend the Roku streaming stick any longer because of the better value this Fire TV stick offers for less.To me the Chromecast streaming stick is slow and buggy and doesn't even come with a remote for nearly the same price as this Fire TV stick. The one feature it has going for it is the ability to stream nearly anything from a Chrome browser window. This is a nice feature to have but you give up a lot compared to this product so unless you need that feature, skip it until Google releases a better version.GAME CHANGERS:When Roku 3 ($100) was released it was a game changer because:- It WAS much faster performance wise than anything else outside of stand alone home theater pc.- It added decent gaming options in a streaming box (Angry Birds for example) and had a motion sensing remote that made this Wii like gaming possible.- It has a headphone jack IN THE REMOTE that makes it possible to be more respectful to someone else sleeping or working while you are watching TV.- After a while, it returned YouTube compatibility to the Roku ecosystem.When Chromecast ($35) was released it was a game changer because:- Allowed you to stream anything from a Chrome browser window- Allowed you to use your cell phone as a remote (since it didn't come with one) which was unheard of at the price point--Roku also lets you do that on some boxes).When Fire TV ($100) was released it was a game changer because:- It blew the doors off, performance wise. Faster than anything else INCLUDING a stand alone home theater pc. Amazon took a category that made money on the hardware side and decided to lose money on the hardware in effort to sell more content.- First box to all multitasking--listening to music streaming in one app while using another app to  look up movies, see photos, etc.- First box to have voice search- First box to deliver "real" gaming with support for bluetooth gaming controllers and the horsepower to really raise the bar.When the Fire TV Stick ($39) (this item) was released it was a SLIGHT game changer because:- It offered more value for the price than anything else currently does. It brought the Fire TV experience with a much lower price tag which means it is easier to justify adding it to secondary TVs.- It offered best in class streaming stick performance.OVERALL:I have two Fire TV boxes and grabbed two of these Fire TV sticks to release my remaining Roku boxes. I do not regret that decision at all--I get the Fire TV experience with less upfront cost on these other TVs. Now I do wish the remotes had voice search built in but that is my only disappointment for the cost--and not enough to drop $30 per TV to add it...at least not yet.Streaming Pandora music while I am surfing Netflix or Plex or Amazon's own content is pretty cool--something that other devices can't do. Controlling that Pandora stream while in other apps--even neater.I never had HBO Go so there is really no content I miss from Roku's channels and I do find that using the Fire TV devices we watch more Prime (Amazon) content which is very fast and reliable to stream which makes me happy.This Fire TV stick is hard to pass up at this price--knowing that it is only going to get better and more useful as Amazon continues adding things (like Amazon Music, Prime Photos, etc). This stick is now my number one recommended streaming device for value and ease of use. (If they have deeper pockets, I would suggest the top of the line performance of the full Fire TV box instead).I am excited to see what Roku does in the future to compete with these Fire TV options past just cutting prices. Competition is a beautiful thing!I hope this review has been helpful. Again, I paid the full (prime discounted) price for this, I do not work for Amazon and I get nothing out of writing reviews except to help others. Anyone who knows me knows I check Amazon's reviews before purchasing almost anything--even in local stores, because I hate to purchase something only to be disappointed later. If I can help others with my reviews like they have helped me, I am glad to return the favor. :)As I use this more and as people ask questions, I will continue to update this review so keep checking back and if you have a question or comment, please make it under the comment section below.
The Fire Stick TV USB is only good if you are looking to have everything Amazon has to offer on their website in a USB stick (no more connecting HDMI cable to the TV), it's like an app that has a remote. I have PS4 and it features the Amazon app which lacks on features like games, photos, but it has the feature of playing videos. So when I got it and saw that they just added some stuff to make it better I was disappointed.The biggest advantage of Chromecast is that you can stream any content like video, photos, etc. from tablet, phone, computer etc. to the TV. I don't like that this Android device is not capable to work with more Android devices only Amazon devices and some Android devices running Android 4.2. I have a Samsung Note 2 rooted and it's loaded with Android 4.0 and yet the Chromecast works fine, but the Fire Stick does not. My wife has Samsung Galaxy S5 (Android 4.2) with the mirroring option miracast (all share cast from Samsung) to the TV, but that does not work, it can't find the device my tv is from LG, when I use Chromecast it has no issues. According to this help guide http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201636640 it should work fine.Basically what Amazon did is taken their website and made it available on the USB stick to keep up with the competition.If you are looking to have Amazon all in 1 at the hands of reach then this is for you.If you are looking to stream from computer, tablet, phone then this is not for you. (All Amazon devices are  capable of streaming to the Fire Stick.) Other devices that run Android are not supported.ProEasy installationPlenty of games, video, radios etc.1 Year warrantyRemote very easy to useThe remote can be eliminated with the Fire Stick TV App, and it's easy to use the app, I like the appNice design, simpleConsPower option could be on the back of the stick,right now it is located in the middle.Power cord could have something to wrap up the unneeded cableSoftware update failedThis is the biggest CON that I found - My wife has Samsung Galaxy S5 (Android 4.2) with the mirroring option miracast (all share cast from Samsung) to the TV, but that does not work, it can't find the device. According to this help guide http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201636640 it should work fine.I don't need a device that can't stream from my computer, tablet, phone, to the TV.
I was intrigued by the thought of this new product.  I was actually on my way to buy Chromecast when I saw this product and decided to compare it and contrast it before I purchased this product.  At the time it was half off the original price and that warranted such an action. When I saw their comparison chart above, I thought that it had everything that Chromecast did, but there was just one item that seemed to be missing.  I thought that I might have overlooked this so I read the whole description page several times and it was not there.  You CANNOT connect your laptop to your screen. I called Amazon on 10-28-14 at 10:30am EST.  First, Amazon did not have a way to select to talk to someone with the Fire TV Stick.  They has a list of newly announced devices, but it was not even mentioned there when it was due to be released in less than a month.  When I got a hold of someone they could not help me so they transferred me to someone else, who in turn could not help me.  Finally, after another transfer, to the USA, to Mary.  After me calling her out on her saying, "A stick is a stick, isn't it?"  She finally did some research. She confirmed that this device does NOT connect to your laptop.  I also pointed out that it did not mention that the app would work on Fire devices, which they do work on fire devices. So this is the question you need to ask yourself:Do you want something to connect your laptop(s) to your television screen?If yes buy Google Chromecast.If not, they buy Fire TV Stick because of the better technology and the voice search feature on the apps.I gave this a 2 star for lack of information and lack of mirroring your computer screen.  It would have been a 1 star if the memory and whatnot was equal to that of Chrome.
We started with Apple TV. Then bought Roku. And now Amazon. Our Apple TV had ongoing tech issues and updates that would make it freeze, very annoying. Though I liked the iTunes rental movie choices, we ended up not renting as much because the cost went up so much these last few years. The Roku was decent, and we still use ours in the home office. The fire stick is nice because there's no clutter with wires. I really love these sticks. I also like that it's portable so if you're traveling, you can still watch your shows in the hotel and not be stuck with the lame 4 stations they usually have. I honestly don't see a big different in what it offers compared to Apple TV and Roku. You can access Netflix, Hulu, Pandora. You probably need to buy Prime to get the most options out of it, I'm not impressed with the rental movie options compared to iTunes. If you break down subscriptions:HULU - $95.88 yearly. Access to all the new TV series. Like having basic cable, but limited to what you can stream.Netflix - $119 yearly. Access to their own produced series, and variety of cable network TV and movies. New movies tend to be limited, and they don't provide updated titles as much as I'd like.Prime - $104 yearly. Prime has a lot of the same titles as Netflix. They also have their own "exclusives." I like that they seem to offer HBO and Showtime shows that the others don't. Like Netflix, they don't add new titles often, but I think they may be more frequent at updating than Netflix, and seem to have newer titles. I'm not impressed with their rental movie choices, and they're the same price as iTunes. Prime also offers the perk of free shipping for everything else you buy on here.All of the above services total $318 yearly for TV entertainment with the fire stick, if you choose to use them all. Still cheaper than some people's cable bills. Prime and Netflix are pretty similar, and since Prime is a little more than 10% less than Netflix and offers free shipping on everything else, I will most likely be cancelling Netflix.Overall, the stick works the same as the little boxes, except they eliminate all the clutter and the remote is decent. I read a bunch of reviews before purchasing, and didn't see a big difference between this and the Roku stick, so it really comes down to the best deal you can get if that's what you're after.
If you had asked me a few months ago, I would have given this 4 stars.  It had a slightly laggy interface, but it streamed well; however, that recently changed and I have to knock it down.I recently moved and switched Internet Service Providers.  I hadn't set up my computer yet and was strictly using the internet for my Fire Stick while I waited for them to fix my cable. A long story, a whole lot of phone calls to my ISP, and several days later, my Fire Stick was constantly buffering, dropping internet signal. It was a general nightmare. The buffering was so bad I couldn't watch anything (one hour to watch one episode of a 20 min sit com is unacceptable).  Since I work from home, I was terrified as to what was going to happen when I started work.Well, imagine my surprise when I was able to flawlessly work all day, while streaming Netflix on my laptop with zero issues.  Nothing dropped, nothing buffered. Quality was perfect.  I went back to my Fire Stick and the buffering nightmare returned.  It finally dawned on me that, despite the fact that I had never had these problems before, the issue might be with the Fire Stick.I dug out the Roku 2 and hooked it up and the problem was instantly solved.  The extra fun part is I moved the Fire Stick to the other television, far away from the modem, and it seems to work there fine, without all the buffering nonsense.So, my non-technically educated guess is the Fire Stick doesn't like the "noise" from my new ISP's modem (they were about 2 feet apart).  My prior ISP was FIOS and my new one is cable.  This is the only explanation I can come up with to explain why I never experienced any issues until I switched providers.  To me, that is a very serious design flaw because it obviously doesn't affect the Roku.Given this particular flaw drastically limits where you can place a Fire Stick, I can't rate this higher than 2 stars.  If I didn't have a second television, the Fire Stick would have been rendered completely unusable because of this issue.  I'm also glad I figured this out before I called my ISP again.  I wasted several hours on the phone with them over what turned out not to be their fault.Tl;DR - going back to my Roku.
Quick Look:+small+inexpensive+easy to set up and use+runs off of USB power+can side-load full android programs-no keyboard option supported-bluetooth audio actively blocked for Netflix and Amazon Instant-no voice remote includedOn the one hand, the Fire TV Stick effortlessly turns any "dumb TV" (or, in my case, projector) with an HDMI port smart--able to stream media and even play some basic games. It's fast and easy, and it can even power itself via off most TV's USB ports, which cuts down on the tangle of wires running down the back of an entertainment center. For those interested in getting a little more out of their device, Amazon even made it easy to side-load programs onto a fire TV stick, allowing you to hook up non-traditional bluetooth controllers, do a little word processing, emulate SNES era games, all on a $40, USB-sized stick. As a miniature android proto-PC, you really can't do batter than the Fire TV Stick.On the other hand, Amazon has made a couple of truly baffling decisions that reduce the usability of the fire TV stick for everyone. Earlier this year, the Fire TV received an update allowing users to link previously blocked Bluetooth devices such as headphones and keyboards to their Fire TVs. For the first time owners of the Fire TV could watch a movie with wireless headphones or type in the name of their favorite show with ease. The Fire TV Stick received none of this functionality. Amazon support cites unspecific"hardware issues" that prevents Amazon from unlocking the stick's potential. To put it plainly, this is a lie.As I said earlier, with the full android settings apk you can link any bluetooth headphones you like to the Fire TV Stick. Navigation and notification sounds come through just fine. However, if you try to watch something on Netflix or Amazon Instant, bluetooth audio is blocked. We know this isn't a hardware limitation because Kodi (the open-source home theater software suite) can play bluetooth audio while streaming video on Fire TV Stick without difficulty. We also know that it's not a software issue, because the Fire TV (the stick's sister device) supports bluetooth headphones with both programs. I can't imagine why this functionality is intentionally blocked on the Fire TV Stick alone,  unless it's to make the more expensive Fire TV box more appealing.Whatever the reason, the Fire TV Stick is still a neat little gadget; but its usability (especially for projector-users like me) is really hampered by Amazon's refusal to natively support bluetooth devices.
The Fire TV Stick is a neat streaming device.  Easier than hooking up my iPad to the TV (iPad>AV connector>HDMI>TV).  Only issue I have with it is that it appears to not follow Dolby's guidelines regarding Dolby Digital Plus (DD+).  From the Dolby Digital Plus website (http://www.dolby.com/us/en/technologies/dolby-digital-plus.html):"Compatibility with Current Equipment-------------------------------------------------------Equipment with Dolby Digital Plus will unlock its full feature set, including 5.1- and 7.1-channel capability (depending on the program).If your system includes only Dolby Digital, you'll still get 5.1-channel surround sound, with the highest-quality Dolby Digital signal possible—Dolby Digital Plus content is easily converted to a traditional Dolby Digital signal."However, it appears that the Fire TV Stick isn't providing a properly encoded Dolby Digital 5.1 signal (if at all) in that my A/V Receiver can't process the stream.  It's an older receiver and doesn't support DD+, but  has no problem with Dolby Digital 5.1 from multiple devices.  When the Fire TV Stick is set to output "Dolby Digital Plus" then my A/V receiver doesn't put out any sound.  If I turn off DD+ in the Stick menu (i.e. output only stereo) my receiver can then output the 2 stereo channels.  This has apparently been a known issue for quite some time (see the Amazon Customer forum thread on this topic:  http://smile.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/forums/ref=cs_hc_g_m_oldest?ie=UTF8&forumID;=Fx1SKFFP8U1B6N5&cdThread;=Tx1KOVJHREPPETT&cdSort;=newest).  Had I known that I may not have bought the stick.  And it seems from the forum messages that this issue also plagues the Fire TV (box).So, if you're not using a surround receiver at all (i.e.just 2 channel stereo), the TV Stick should work great for you.  But if you plan on using it with a surround sound system, make sure it will support Dolby Digital Plus streams, at least until Amazon implements the 5.1 stream (properly?).  I, of course, used the fact that the Fire TV Stick (gave $24 for it on Prime Day) doesn't support DD 5.1 properly to justify to my wife the purchase of a new receiver that *does* support Dolby Digital Plus (~$500).  Hope she doesn't read my reviews. :)
TL:DR - Worth the buy, would buy another/recommend.Pretty cool device. I have a chromecast as well and while both have their pros and cons I think this one fits the "main living room" or "main tv" needs in a better way. The remote/app that lets you control the interface is nice (plus have an interface..) Tons of apps inside making any TV truly feel like a smart TV.I'll say that not everything streams as seamlessly as a chromecast and by that I mean just getting it to stream - quality appears to be the same (if they aren't already technically). What I'm getting at is that one app on your phone/device may recognize the chromecast and not see the Fire stick to cast to it. Also though there isn't anything I've come across that I couldn't stream to the TV.Also I went with a firestick because I had 2 chromecasts and they would randomly piss me off, more or less. Sometimes they'd work, sometimes they wouldn't. I'd have to reconfigure them or set them up while no changes in my network or devices were made. So far with this Fire stick that hasn't been an issue at all.One thing I was slightly upset about is that I'm an avid Plex user. If you're unfamiliar a google search would prove a better explanation but in short Plex is a media server/service in which yourself or others can host video files (anything, TV/HBO/Movies) and then it is streamed to your desired device. Well on a chromecast streaming this from a phone doesn't require any form of payment or anything. On the Fire stick I had to pay $5 to enable playback to my "device" (fire stick) otherwise video stops after one minute. Maybe I was too impatient to find a work around but I did have 1000 amazon coins which I was able to place towards the 499 coin one time fee to enable the unlimited playback. I think the chromecast somewhat "tricks" plex or something and it just plays the video without that 1 min check ever coming up.I probably rambled a bit but ask questions if needed and I'll try to answer them. I think it's a great device and I really enjoy it.
The first real Amazon product I have owned that is part of the ever-growing Amazon environment. I got mine for the promo price to Prime members last January I believe. It has worked very well for me in every way so far. It streams cleanly and clearly, works pretty quickly and has loads of applications, netflix, hulu, plex. I use plex for my home media server, and the fire stick is by far the best Plex UI I have used. Now I know that is the app and not the Fire Stick itself, but I felt like that would be good to mention because it is what I use the stick most for. That and Prime streaming.Let me also point out that, aside from my smart tv, this is the first ever streaming device I specifically purchased. And I can say that this is the first one I really ever took advantage of. I had the tv but used its "smarts" rarely. This stick is small, portable, well made, and simple to setup. Really an excellent buy as compared to the other competing devices out there. Not to take anything away from a Roku because I have used those before with other people, but this stick is just as good, as those an compared to the roku stick, better. When I say better I mean that the UI is solidly on par with or better, and the speed is much better in my experience.----Breakdown-----Pros:- Small- Solid UI- Works fast- Setup is cake- Has many apps available and gets more all of the time- Great Price- Portable- Can sideload apps ( I used an snes emulator that worked well enough on it)Cons:- Needs a separate cable for power (however all of the sticks seem to)- Not as robust as the Fire TV (slower, no voice control out of the box)  Sub point- If I wanted those things I would have spent the $60 more and got a Fire TVI cannot recommend this product enough. The function that it has. especially for the price, is really unmatched.
We have three of these things, two I bought when they first came out ($20/stick deal) and one recently during the Prime sale ($25/stick)...we have a lot of TVs in the house and recently cut our cable. We also have a Roku 3 in our living room. I am not basing my comparison on performance because that would not be fair (the Roku 3 is obviously the stronger, and more expensive, option), but I am using the Roku as a comparison for design issues I have found with the Firestick. First of all, the fact that the Firestick only searches Prime content is driving us crazy. My kids are pretty good at finding new content and half the time it is not free on Prime. I then have to search each service (we have Prime, Hulu, and Netflix) separately to check if we get it free on another service besides Prime. Roku searches all services. The next issue we have is that Hulu occasionally has issues and hangs while we're watching it, like once every few days there will be an hour where Hulu won't play well. It doesn't seem to happen with the other services...just Hulu. Weird.As far as processing speed goes, it's not bad. It works as well as a low-end streaming device should. At $20/$25, I think it is a good deal. I think it is good for a guest TV, a kid's room TV, a travel option, essentially a TV that is not used every day. We will be replacing the one in our bedroom with another option. The search issue is a deal breaker, so I would consider the regular Fire TV if the search works like the Roku. If not, then I'm going to be purchasing another Roku soon. =)
We're a mixed-device cord-cutting household, and I purchased my first Fire Stick as part of Amazon Prime Day's special.  Prior to that, we were using a mix of Rokus and gaming consoles for all of our streaming needs.  When I saw a good price on the Fire Stick though, I figured it was worth a shot.I'm honestly glad I took the plunge.  It's not perfect, but there are a lot of things I like about it.  I like the integration with my Prime Account, directly from the home screen.  I enjoy it's ability to multi-task, so I can stream Prime Music while I'm playing Solitaire on the couch.  The selection of channels is nice.  Sure, you don't get the private stash of channels like you can with Roku, but those can definitely be hit or miss anyway (how many channels do I need running the same 50's movies and TV shows, really?)And Pluto.TV.  Oh my gosh, Pluto.TV.  Finding this was a godsend.  Free themed and curated Youtube channels running in a "live TV" format.  Turn it on, put on your favorite channel, and you're all set.  I can constantly find MMA, Kickboxing, Tech reviews, headline news, movie and entertainment news, and apparently a channel called Cats 24/7.  Yeah, you heard right.With Pluto.TV, for a cord-cutter looking for the optimal streaming device, it's hard to argue against the Fire Stick.It's not all perfect, mind you.  I don't like how to do a "Force Stop", you have to go into a sub-menu of a sub-menu of a sub-menu.  Force Stop should definitely be one of your choices when you highlight an app.  And as awesome as Pluto.TV is, it still can be a little glitchy at times, slowing down your Fire Stick and making you either Force Stop the app or a soft reboot.  (That's not Amazon's fault per se, but it's worth noting.)  The Prime integration is very nice, but it often feels like it dominates your home screen, and you sort of feel like it's always in "Sell Mode".  You can't arrange your apps the way you want, your navigation choices are either alphabetical from a sub-menu, or "Recent."Some of these are nit-picks, of course, but they do keep it from earning that fifth star from me.  There are things that I like better on Roku, certain channels only available there, and the ability to arrange my app icons the way I want.  But overall, the Amazon Fire Stick is a solid, polished product that brings some good stuff to the streaming table, and I feel like for a lot of folks, a mixed solution like mine--Rokus in some rooms, Fire Sticks in others--will end up being the best solution.At any rate, I liked it enough to go back and purchase a second a few weeks later at full price, if that tells you anything.  I do recommend this product.
UPDATE (8/14/15):I ended up selling my fire stick to a friend who wanted one but it was out of stock on Amazon. I gave it the best try and when it did work, it was great. But most of the time it would drop from the network. I even moved my router to the same room and still didn't work. I think the WIFI is just not strong enough on the stick and cannot get a good/stable signal. The troubleshooting says not to have the stick in a cabinet but my entire entertainment center is in a cabinet. My Xbox One has no issues with WIFI within the cabinet. Maybe if they HDMI extender was long enough to reach outside the cabinet it might perform better, but who knows. I came on here to order the Amazon Fire TV but now it is saying out of stock. Seems to also be out of stock in my local stores. Guess no Amazon Fire TV for me...for now!ORIGINAL POST:I picked up the Fire TV Stick from Best Buy when they were on sale yesterday. First day I had I couldn't even finish the setup. Kept telling me that either my password was wrong (which it was not) or it would lose network connection. So I gave up. Tried again today and it was doing the same but after a while it finally let me log into my account. And that's where the fun stops. It let me watch that intro video and that's it. It just keeps telling me that it has no network connection but when I check it says I have a very good signal (see images). In the rare instance that the home screen actually does load I am unable to play any of the videos. All I get is a little spinning circle for however long until it comes back and says I have no network connection. This is not an issue with my WIFI. My cell phone and my laptop both can connect with no issues. If fact, I can hook my laptop up to my TV via HDMI and stream Prime movies and Netflix with no buffering.I have tired the Fire TV Stick with and without the HDMI extender and the results are the same.I have tired the Fire TV Stick with and without the the USB power and the results are the same.I tired different HDMI ports and the results are the same.I am going to some router "fixes" like rebooting it and try it on a TV that is closer to the router, but odds are I will be returning the Fire TV Stick.* Too bad the Fire TV Stick didn't have a wired option because I have a network jack at the TV location. And I am not sure I want to spend $100 on the Fire TV box.
I bought this device for a specific purpose/need after reviewing the reviews I decided against the Roku and Chrome sticks of similar design.  Besides I already had a Prime account.  So, why not!  I will start with the negative first.ConThe only negative thing I have to say about this device has to do with the accompanying "extender."  It works.  But for me, it did not have enough extension for the location of the tv that it is connected to most of the time.  I solved that issue by buying  an Aurum Ultra Series - High Speed HDMI Extension Cable Male - Female (3 Ft) with Ethernet - Supports 3D & Audio Return Channel [Latest Version] - 3 Feet sold as a Prime item for $6.99.  That cable has a male end for the TV and female end for the Fire TV Stick.  Problem solved no issues...perfect cable if you have the same issue.Pros1.  Compact and arrives nicely packaged.2.  Has sufficient download capacity for a lengthy HD movie to be watched offline.3.  Some may consider this a negative but I do not.  Once the device is connected and powered on for the first time, you are forced to watch a set up video.  I think that is a brilliant way for consumers to learn the basics of the stick (if they don't assume that they have nothing to learn about a device that was just purchased but haven't used yet).  Someone on the tech team probably blurted out in a meeting force feed a set up video to reduce the number of calls from people who don't read.  Oh and we can save on the cost of printing a thick booklet that will get tossed to the side anyway.  Said all that to say set up was simple.4.  The remote has great tactile feel and is easy to commit to muscle memory.5.  And this is the best part...its loaded with all the apps that I needed.Hope this helps someone who is on the fence.
After almost a year of use I must say this product is just "OK". Its slow response from remote to device builds up an annoyance.Youtube: When using youtube app the response time from remote to app is extremely delayed to the point that just clicking the down button once will jump three or four categories. The delay of streaming videos is bogged down the more it is used since this little device heats up dramatically.(1 Star)Plex: Using Plex on this device gets annoying as well, constantly the movie will hiccup or pause during mid stream every few minutes, again these are minor hiccups but in the long run becomes so annoying that I constantly switch to another device. (1 Star)Netflix: This is the only app that works as it should, It still has that user lag from Remote to device and some times the Device will skip a couple of sections thinking that you clicked the remote multiple times when you only clicked it once. (3 Star)Main Menu: Very slow, that User Lag will test your patience after awhile. As this is an Amazon Product It slaps you in the face with Amazon products such as streaming and music, Apps such as FLIXSTER and XBMC Doesn't even show up on "Recently viewed apps" forcing you to find it out side of its main menu. Side Loading is available which is good but all apps installed this way can only be accessed through settings which is a chore. (2 star)Device: It gets hot, real hot real fast adding to user device lag issues. It does have a slick design though. (2 Star)BlueTooth: it does have Bluetooth and I was able to connect my Ouya pro to play Sonic CD and was able to control sonic normally (Game played at 1/2 speed though). (2 Star)All and all I got this product when it was first announced for $20 bucks and at that Price it is some what worth it ONLY if you want to reduce your electric bill since 24 hours of run time equals to 1 hour of the Slim PS3 run time. Other than saving your Electric bill, minor annoyances build up to the point that you will probably just use your other devices over the Amazon Stick.Minor Disappointment.
Let me first start off by saying that I've enjoyed the use of my Fire TV Stick since receiving it upon release in early December. After relying primarily on the pre-installed apps on my 2+ year-old TV to stream Netflix, etc., I found this to be much faster and much more accessible. I also love being able to fire up Amazon Music on my TV.So why the three stars you ask?Well... first - the interface.It's suuuuper clunky and more than a little cluttered. Trying to find a movie/show? The predictive recommendations and genres are limited. It's much easier to go to the website, browse, and add to the watchlist. Although I love having access to my Amazon music, if you want to access something outside of your library - good luck. Again, the categories are super limited and not very intuitive. I usually end up having to use the Amazon Music app on my phone, searching, adding to my library, syncing my account on the phone, then syncing my account on the stick to listen to something new. The search option on the stick works well with movies/tv, but not as well with finding music or specifically created Amazon playlists. So the unwieldy phone/multiple syncs method is sadly the fastest way I've found to access that content. There's a lot of wading through content that goes on with this device.Second - the micro USB power port on the stickIt's a tight fit. I noticed that the first time I plugged in the device. This is partly because there is a plastic guard on the provided cable which seals off all but the pin hole on the connecting end. There's no room for error. Maybe the rest of the world always lines up their cables 100% accurately every time they plug something in, but for those of us with bad depth perception, it usually takes a couple of tries. Woe be unto us with this device. Because of the plastic guard, each miss potentially pushes the port into the stick and/or moves the pin.For the first time since receiving it, I took the stick travelling with me to visit family. My mom is trying her hand at cutting the cord, and I wanted to sell her on the stick. I had a hard time getting the power port plugged in at her house, but eventually got it plugged in and fired up. However, when I tried to get it set back up at home, it was a no go. After looking at the port, I realized that it was even more recessed than usual and the pin was slightly bent. I'm a plug-it-in-gently, not jam-it-in-the-hole kinda gal, so this should not be a thing that ever happened. So, I called Amazon, which brings us to our third point...WarrantyApparently the recessed port/ bent pin constitute damage and are not covered under "normal use." Since the stick is touted for its portability, yet has a cable that functions as a blunt object to bludgeon the port in with every mis-plug, one would think that a damaged port would become "normal" given enough time. That's considered a design flaw, yo. Fix the stupid cable. Anyway, Amazon offered me a refurb at half price....which is about the same price I payed for the device with the initial promo. That'd be a hard pass. This is the first time I've gotten such terrible support for an Amazon device. I suppose that's to Amazon's credit? At any rate, I took it apart, and, thankfully, nothing was irrevocably damaged. I straightened things out and was up and running again. However, I will never unplug it again. So much for portability.Lastly, permissions for apps...Amazon needs to bully providers to provide app permissions for this device. As a Charter customer, I'm still waiting to get access to Showtime and HBO Go. I'll probably be cancelling Charter soon (let's be real - that's where the problem is), but it'd be neat if cable providers and device creators plus app developers all got on the same page here. Also - I know this is an amazon device, but any chance in getting Google Play here at any point?TL;DRGreat for the price, as others have noted. Device is peppy for its size, but user interface leaves much to be desired. The power port/included cable are an unhappy fit, so unplug at your own risk. Good luck to you if anything breaks since design flaws aren't covered under warranty. Netflix works like a champ, but some apps are still wanting.
I have a Samsung Smart TV.  I've had a Roku.  And now I have a Fire stick.  Over all, I like the Fire stick best, but with TWO issues that limit me from a full 5 star review.GOOD:1) You can access HBO Go, Netflix, Hulu, Showtime Anytime, and Starz Play.  (Plus many others, obviously, as well as Amazon.)  Showtime Anytime and Starz Play are not available on my Samsung Smart TV.  Starz Play is not available on the Roku.2) AMAZING video quality.  And I mean that.  Listen, video quality looked okay on my Roku (2 -- so maybe they're better now).  They looked great on my Samsung TV, which was a 2013 model.  But on the Fire stick?  Movies play with that quality that's so clear it looks like you're watching a sitcom until you get used to it.  It's almost "too" clear.3) Easy to use.  Just plugs in, and I've had no trouble getting my wifi to find it.  Though I DO suggest plugging it into a wall outlet and not your TV USB for power.  The reason for that is, if you turn your TV off at night, it powers down the Fire stick.  That's fine of course... but when I turn my TV on in the morning, the TV loads faster than the Fire stick, so once the Fire stick is powering up it changes the input on the TV to the Fire Stick, so I have to change it BACK.  Not a major thing, but could be weird if you have a guest.BAD:1) Unlike the Roku, the Fire stick does NOT have a universal search function to allow you to search for a movie across Netflix, Amazon and Hulu (or wherever else) so you can find if it's a part of a subscription.  Sure, yeah, I get it, Amazon wants you to buy the stuff from them.  But come on, all they're doing is angering people if they end up paying for a movie on Amazon when it's already free with their Netflix subscription.  Be a pal, Amazon.2) This isn't a huge thing, and may not bother many people... but I don't like it that I have to log into the box using my email address and password.  I don't want the Fire stick to have THAT close of an association with my Amazon account and purchasing ability.  Yes, you can turn on PIN protection for purchases, which I do.  But my email address is still on there, with my password.  It would be better if you could activate the Fire stick using an activation code like you do with any other device you're activating Amazon Video on.ADDITIONAL:This goes under the "kinda a drag" topic:  My Harmony remote won't connect with the Fire stick.  So, I have to keep that remote handy.  And the remote is TOUCHY.  I'm not a fan of the Fire remote at all.
